"(CNN) -- Staff at Royal Bank of Scotland's UK investment banking and treasury divisions were warned this week of more job cuts to come, according to an internal memo obtained by CNN. The potential redundancies are part of the bank's plan to trim tens of thousands of roles. Since receiving the biggest bail out in history, RBS has announced 27,500 layoffs worldwide -- of which 21,200 are in the UK. Bad time to be a banker: More layoffs . The news comes days after official figures put the number of unemployed across Great Britain at 2.51 million. RBS is 84% owned by taxpayers. The following is an email sent to all employees in RBS's Markets division across Europe, Middle East and Africa from Peter Nielsen, Global Head of Markets, on Thursday. ""As you are aware, we continue to review our business to ensure Markets aligns its resources and strategy effectively. ""We are focused on building a high performing business and need to optimise our resources in line with this and continue the drive for efficiencies. ""As a result of this ongoing focus I have asked my ManCo [management committee] to review their business operating model and we are now proposing further headcount reductions across the Markets and GBM Treasury group, which will impact the UK. ""Our plans are subject to consultation in the UK and I wanted to inform you that this commenced this week. ""Where we need to make role reductions we will work with the employee representative bodies, from both the Employee Consultative Body (ECB) and UK Staff Council (UKSC), to explain the roles that need to be reduced and consider their comments and suggestions. ""The exact timing of the process will depend on discussions with the ECB and UKSC but our aim is to be able to provide clarity to you in the coming weeks. ""I appreciate that these can be unsettling times but I would ask you to continue to focus on execution and stay close to our clients."" - Peter . RBS, whose ill-fated acquisition of ABN Amro left it nursing $2.3 billion worth of Greek government bonds, is just one of a number of banks to significantly trim headcount in the past three years. Since the onset of the credit crunch European financial institutions have said 270,000 posts must go. HSBC has said it will slash 30,000 by 2013, while Barclays will trim 3,000. A spokeswoman for RBS declined to comment on the document and its contents."
"JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Some 43 years after a Beatles concert was -- according to popular belief -- banned by Israel, Paul McCartney has announced he'll perform there in September. Paul McCartney says he's looking forward to playing a concert in Israel next month. The show, which will be held September 25 in Tel Aviv, had been rumored for months. Promoters are saying it will be one of the biggest concerts ever held in Israel, and they hope it will encourage other top stars to come to Israel. A web site offering tickets for the concert put prices at 1,500 shekels and 490 shekels or between $426.86 and $139.44 U.S. dollars. Israelis ""will finally get the chance to experience a night of music and history they have been waiting decades for,"" a news release on McCartney's Web site announced Wednesday. Two plane loads of equipment will be arriving with around 100 McCartney production people. The concert will cost around $10 million to produce and the organizers said they are hoping to make a profit. In the mid-1960s, when the Fab Four from Liverpool, England, ruled the music charts, a concert in Israel was proposed. It never happened. The long-told story maintained that Beatlemania was deemed too potentially injurious to Israel's youth. A more recent theory, however, blamed the ban on a tiff between competing concert promoters. Whatever the reason, Israelis never got to experience The Beatles live. Earlier this year, Israel's ambassador to Britain, Ron Prosor, visited Liverpool and apologized to The Beatles for the ""misunderstanding."" In a letter Prosor wrote: ""There is no doubt that it was a great missed opportunity to prevent people like you, who shaped the minds of the generation, to come to Israel and perform."" McCartney and Ringo Starr are the only surviving Beatles. John Lennon was slain by a deranged gunman in 1980; George Harrison died of cancer in 2001. McCartney is billing the Tel Aviv show his ""Friendship First"" concert. ""I've heard so many great things about Tel Aviv and Israel, but hearing is one thing and experiencing it for yourself is another,"" McCartney said in the news release. ""We are planning to have a great time and a great evening. We can't wait to get out there and rock."""
"(CNN) -- The death toll from massive floods in Pakistan rose to 1,497 on Friday as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon said the crisis is a ""slow-motion tsunami"" that is expected to grow. The number of homeless as a result of flooding has doubled to 4 million. Ban urged the international community to give more aid during a special fundraising meeting Thursday night. ""Make no mistake,"" he said. ""This is a global disaster, a global challenge. It is one of the greatest tests of global solidarity in our times."" The U.N. secretary-general, who traveled to Pakistan last weekend to visit sites devastated by the disaster, said almost 20 million people need shelter, food and emergency care. ""That is more than the entire population hit by the Indian Ocean tsunami, the Kashmir earthquake, Cyclone Nargis, and the earthquake in Haiti -- combined,"" he said. Are you there? Share your photos and videos . The United Nations has already appealed for $460 million over the next three months, Ban said, and although donors delivered more than a half, the available resources are not sufficient to meet the needs on the ground. The European Commission has pledged 40 million euros ($51 million) since July 31 for the flood victims. It said it will mobilize an additional 30 million euros (about $38 million). ""This disaster is like few the world has ever seen. It requires a response to match,"" Ban said. ""Pakistan needs a flood of support."" Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who also attended the General Assembly meeting, announced an additional $60 million in U.S. aid. The funds bring to $150 million the amount pledged to Pakistan by the United States. ""I want the people of Pakistan to know: The United States will be with you through this crisis,"" she said. ""We will be with you as the rivers rise and fall. We will be with you as you replant your fields and repair your roads. And we will be with you as you meet the long-term challenge to build a stronger nation and a better future for your families."" Clinton urged other nations to help the nation meet its funding goals. Analysts have blamed ""donor fatigue"" for the delay in aid. Pakistan has been on a seemingly constant round of donor needs -- to revive its feeble economy, to fight the Taliban and to recover from the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and the 2009 refugee crisis."
"(CNN) -- It's both time-honored tradition and cutting-edge technology blended in this small factory in Osaka, Japan. This is the home of Japan's best known sporting export, Mizuno. Masato Mizuno, chairman of sportswear company Mizuno, speaks to CNN's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom. Its sports equipment and clothes sell around the world -- baseball gear, its first ever product, now joined by a growing range of other sports equipment. And then there's the ""fastswim"" professional swimsuits, modeled on shark skin. The company is headed by effervescent chairman Masato Mizuno. In Osaka he talked to CNN's Andrew Stevens in The Boardroom about the toughest challenges he has faced in 19 years at the top. Mizuno: OK. I became the president in 1988. It was a really great time. We've been enjoying the so-called bubble economy. So whatever we do, it was very successful in like four to five years, However, after that collapse of the bubble economy, we had a really hard time. But we set up a quite precise schedule to the comeback. And everybody really worked hard -- very cooperative. So we came back . Stevens: What lessons do you think you learnt that made the company better from going through that very sharp downturn? Mizuno: Well we emphasize wherever we have strongness. During the good years, we diversified the range of the business. Most of them I failed. So whatever left we really emphasized this area which is technology. Stevens: You've looked at the animal kingdom to provide some clues for developing new products. I'm thinking of sharkskin used in your fast suits, patterns on a shark actually have been incorporated into your fast suits and there's a lot of success with swimmers wearing your products in Sydney. What else are you working on? Mizuno: Well, we're developing the new swimsuits for Beijing. This is quite different from the past. So I cannot tell you today but this is quite, you know, different products. Stevens: What do you think is the best piece of management advice you've ever received? Mizuno: I've learned from the boy scout experience, our motto is be prepared. So every, you know the item, I have to do, I like to make good preparation, for the company for myself, or for family, we have to be prepared. E-mail to a friend ."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- At least 33 people were killed and 20 wounded in a suicide car bombing targeting a national reconciliation conference in Baghdad, an Interior Ministry official told CNN. Abu Ghraib attack victim in Yarmouk Hospital in Baghdad, Amjad Hameed . The attack -- which occurred outside the municipal building of Abu Ghraib in western Baghdad -- also wounded 46 others, the official said. The attacker was targeting the latest effort by the government to foster national reconciliation between religious and ethnic groups. Sunni Arab and Shiite tribal leaders were attending the meeting, backed by the Shiite-dominated Iraqi government. Another Interior Ministry official told CNN the attack occurred when people gathered outside as the conference in the building ended. Al-Baghdadiya TV said two of its journalists were killed in the explosion. An Iraqi journalists' group confirmed those deaths and said a number of journalists were also wounded. Along with meeting attendees and journalists, Iraqi soldiers were among the casualties. No one has claimed responsibility for the strike, but in the past, such gatherings have been targeted by al Qaeda in Iraq, the anti-American Sunni Arab militant group. Staffan de Mistura, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Iraq, deplored the attack and passed along condolences to grieving families. He said the bombing targeted the tribal leaders after their meeting, and called the strike a ""horrible crime that is designed to sabotage reconciliatory efforts by the Iraqi people, who, I am confident, will continue on the road of dialogue."" The blast follows another huge attack on Sunday, when a man wearing an explosives-laden vest drove a motorcycle rigged with bombs into a group of police recruits in eastern Baghdad. That attack killed 30 people and wounded 61 others. Most of the victims of Sunday's strike were police officers and recruits who had gathered outside a police academy on Palestine Street. The same academy was targeted on December 1 in a double bombing that killed 16 and wounded 46. The violence came after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Saturday rallied sheikhs of the nation's tribes to participate in Iraq's government. It was the latest official effort to further reconciliation among Sunnis, Shiites and tribes of different sects and bring some former members of Saddam Hussein's Baath party into the political fold. After the invasion, the U.S.-led coalition decided to purge Iraqi institutions of Baathists, most of whom were Sunni Arabs. Al-Maliki, who is Shiite, has been criticized in the past by minority groups for not fairly representing Iraqi's ethnic groups. CNN's Yousif Bassil and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report."
"Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- The judge overseeing the Mel Gibson child custody case ordered a probe into the leak of sealed court documents published on celebrity news website TMZ, a lawyer in the case said. The confidential documents ""were stolen probably from the court"" and the leaker ""got paid a good deal of money,"" said Martin Garbus, an attorney for Gibson's ex-girlfriend, Oksana Grigorieva. Grigorieva and Garbus discussed the leaks in an interview scheduled to air Wednesday night on CNN's ""Larry King Live."" ""It's medical documents, declarations, court opinions, transcripts, everything it seems,"" Garbus told King. TMZ has published sworn statements from Gibson, Grigorieva and another witness in the court fight over custody of 1-year-old Lucia. ""They say over 2,000 pages of documents were leaked and the district attorney's office has started an investigation,"" Garbus said. A spokewoman for the Los Angeles district attorney said Tuesday that she was not aware of an investigation. TMZ's spokeswoman declined to comment on the report of the investigation or the source of the documents. Lawyers involved in the case had copies, but Garbus suggested the leaked papers likely ""came out of the courthouse."" ""Whoever took the files from the courthouse -- it's 2,000 pages -- certainly got paid a good deal of money,"" Garbus said. The judge ordered the probe on Friday, Garbus said. A lawyer for Gibson declined to comment, but a publicist for Grigorieva said the leaks did not come from her side. ""It could be quite terrible because this case could turn into a gossip story, and swayed from what's important here,"" Grigorieva said. ""It's domestic violence and Lucia at stake."" She has accused Gibson of domestic violence during their breakup earlier this year, while he accused her of extorting him with tapes she secretly made of their arguments. The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department is investigating both accusations. In another development, Grigorieva's family lawyer, Alan Shifman, stepped aside and has been replaced by Los Angeles attorney Ronald Litz, her publicist confirmed. Gibson and Grigorieva are both scheduled to return to court on Monday."
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Some of Zimbabwe's children are ""wasting away"" as political turmoil and economic crisis have caused a severe food shortage, according to a report from Save the Children. Children sleep in rough conditions on the border between Zimbabwe and South Africa. The number of acute child malnutrition cases has risen by almost two-thirds in the past year, the report from the UK-based agency said in its appeal to world donors for help. ""There is no excuse for failing to provide this food,"" program director Lynn Walker said. ""The innocent people of Zimbabwe should not be made to suffer for a political situation that is out of their control."" Five million Zimbabweans -- out of a population of about 12 million -- are in need of food aid now, the report said. The group is appealing for 18,000 tons of food for next month. ""We have already been forced to reduce the rations of emergency food we are delivering because there isn't enough to go around,"" the report said. ""If, as we fear, the food aid pipeline into Zimbabwe begins to fail in the new year the millions of people who rely on emergency food aid will suffer."" Zimbabwe is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since its independence from Great Britain 28 years ago. There is an acute shortage of all essentials such as cash, fuel, medical drugs, electricity and food. President Robert Mugabe blames the crisis on the sanctions imposed on him and his cronies by the West for allegedly disregarding human rights. But Mugabe's critics attribute the crisis to his economic policies. As the economy has faltered for almost a decade now, a cholera epidemic is raging, fueled by the collapse of health, sanitation and water services in Zimbabwe. The epidemic has claimed more than 1,100 lives and infected more than 20,000 people since its outbreak in August. Health experts have warned that the water-borne disease could infect more than 60,000 unless its spread is halted. The political crisis rose to a boil in this year when the opposition party claimed that it won the presidential election, but Mugabe's government refused to recognize the result. Instead, the race was thrown to a runoff, which was boycotted by the opposition. Mugabe signed an agreement with the opposition in September to form a unity government, but a bitter dispute over the division of cabinet seats has prevented its formation. Inflation is so severe that the government was forced to print $10 billion currency notes last week, with each expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread."
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Roy Bennett, the former Zimbabwean opposition activist who was arrested Friday shortly before he was due to become a Cabinet minister, has been charged with conspiracy to commit banditry, sabotage and terrorism, his lawyer told CNN. Roy Bennett, left, pictured with MDC leader Morgan Tzvangirai, is also the party's treasurer. The Movement for Democratic Change nominated Bennett to be deputy minister of agriculture in a national unity government with President Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party, which has ruled the country since independence in 1980. Bennett was arrested on Friday while on his way to South Africa, where he has been living for three years. Bennett, who is also the party's treasurer, was pulled from an aircraft at the airport in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, the MDC said. Police accuse him of funding the acquisition of weapons to commit the crimes he is charged with. Bennett will appear in the Mutare magistrate's court on Monday, his lawyer Trust Maanda told CNN. Bennett, a white coffee grower, is an old foe of Mugabe's government. His farms were seized during the country's controversial land reform program. He has previously being jailed for assaulting Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa in parliament. Hundreds of party members and supporters Friday surrounded the Mutare police station where Bennett was being held, the party said. The incident happened the same day that other MDC ministers in the new unity government took their oaths of office. The swearing-in eventually took place but was delayed, the MDC said, because Mugabe and his ZANU-PF party wanted to appoint more ministers than they were allowed in the new government. Under the power-sharing deal signed in September, the ruling ZANU-PF party gets 17 cabinet posts and the MDC gets 13. Mugabe brought a ""bloated"" list of 22 Cabinet ministers to the swearing-in ceremony, but the MDC leadership insisted Mugabe stick to the 17 agreed Cabinet posts. The stalemate lasted for more than an hour, until Mugabe's party agreed that only 17 of their proposed ministers take office. CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report."
"Phoenix, Arizona (CNN) -- The flag of Arizona, skeletons and the Statue of Liberty are just some of the images evoked by a group of artists to give life to their views on Arizona's new immigration law. The collection of prints, sculptures, paintings and photographs are featured in the traveling exhibit, ""SB1070: An Artist's Point of View,"" which opened at the Arizona Latino Arts & Cultural Center in Phoenix the weekend before the law took effect on July 29. The show will move to galleries throughout Arizona and across the country in an effort to educate the public on how artists from the state that has become ground zero in the immigration debate perceive the matter, said the show's organizer. ""This educational exhibit was born from the thought that there has to be a different way of reaching people's hearts on this issue,"" said Annie Loyd, founder and CEO of The FUSION Foundation, which organized the exhibit in collaboration with the cultural center. ""This show is not a protest show,"" she said. ""This was truly meant to be something that evokes people's emotions, that allows you to work your way into the art and really consider what's going on."" The show took shape quickly after its conceptualization in a marketing meeting in early June. A call to artists in Arizona for contributions was quickly met with more submissions than the show could hold, prompting its organizers to rotate pieces each time the show moves to a new space. In their works, the artists bring their personal history and experiences with immigration in Arizona -- a divisive issue in the border state long before SB1070 brought it under the national microscope. ""My mother was undocumented, my father born in Texas, and she feared immigration all her life, even after she became a citizen,"" said Martin Moreno, whose painting, Born in the USA, depicts the wake of a son of a Mexican-born wife and American husband. ""She never went back to Mexico, and that same scenario has played over thousands of times. Even today, my son is in the same situation. He is a citizen and my daughter-in-law is undocumented. History repeats itself,"" he said. Moreno describes his piece as ""a portrait of a family sharing two cultures,"" with the father in his National Guardsman uniform, and the mother in traditional Mexican garb, lighting a candle of the Virgin of Guadalupe. ""The piece tries to address that many couples have a foot in two worlds,"" he said, ""and that hasn't changed in my lifetime."""
"MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- A federal judge ordered 10 municipal police officers arrested Saturday in connection with the slayings of 12 off-duty federal agents in southwestern Mexico, the attorney general's office said. The recent spate of violence was sparked by the arrest of high-ranking drug cartel member Arnoldo Rueda Medina. The federal officers' bodies were found Tuesday on a remote highway in Michoacan state, where at least 18 federal agents and two soldiers have been killed since July 11 due to drug-related violence. Video from the scene showed three signs, known as narcomensajes, or narcomessages, left by the killers. They all stated the same thing: ""So that you come for another. We will be waiting for you here."" The officers arrested Saturday are on the police force in the city of Arteaga. Mexican President Felipe Calderon, whose home state is Michoacan, responded to the violence by dispatching 1,000 federal police officers to the area. The infusion, which more than tripled the number of federal police officers patrolling Michoacan, angered Michoacan Gov. Leonel Godoy Rangel. He called it an occupation and said he had not been consulted. Authorities said Wednesday they were searching for the governor's half-brother, who they say is a top-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana drug cartel. The cartel is blamed for most of the recent violence in the state. The governor's brother, Julio Cesar Godoy Toscano, was elected July 5 to the lower house of Congress. The governor has publicly urged his brother to surrender. There were no reports of his apprehension as of late Saturday. The sudden spike in violence followed the arrest July 11 of Arnoldo Rueda Medina, described as a high-ranking member of La Familia. La Familia members attacked the federal police station in Morelia to try to gain freedom for Rueda shortly after his arrest, authorities said. When that failed, cartel members attacked federal police installations in at least a half-dozen Michoacan cities. Under Mexican law, the officers arrested Saturday will be held for 40 days while officials determine whether to formally charge them."
"(CNN) -- Manchester United captain Nemanja Vidic has told CNN he expects Chelsea and Manchester City to challenge for English Premier League honors. Vidic, 29, led Alex Ferguson's team to a record 19th English league title last season, and the Serbia defender is confident United can keep the Premier League trophy at Old Trafford if they make a strong start to the campaign. ""I would say Chelsea is always there because of experience,"" said Vidic when asked who the Red Devils' main rivals would be. ""They have players who have been playing a few years together, and they know each other very well. And they will be hungry to win the title yet again. Big kick-off: Who will win Europe's top leagues? ""City, they have a made few signings, I think they will be even stronger this year, especially because they play one year together. I think they will be our bigger rivals."" Vidic has won a host of honors since arriving in Manchester from Spartak Moscow in 2006, including four English titles and the European Champions League in 2008. Despite this success, the former Red Star Belgrade center-back said he is still hungry to win and he is eyeing an FA Cup triumph to complete his collection of English winner's medals. ""If you want to play for Manchester United you have to win everything,"" he said. ""You have to be successful, otherwise, new players come and you have to fight for your place. I still have hunger to play, hunger to win the trophies, and I'm really happy. ""I would really like to win the FA Cup as well. I haven't won the FA Cup yet, this is the trophy I really want to win."" Since signing for United, Vidic has been under the guidance of the club's long-serving manager Alex Ferguson. The veteran Scot has forged a reputation as one of the game's top coaches during his 25 years with the club, winning 12-top flight championships, five FA Cups and twice leading United to Champions League glory. ""I have to say what he brings to the club is stability,"" Vidic said of Ferguson. ""He builds a road which all players follow. ""This is a great thing. At other clubs you have the problems in terms of the change of the coaches; they are changing new players and coaches. Sometimes they really have the problem, to build the team."" Vidic will lead his United teammates out for their first Premier League match of the season against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns on Sunday."
"(CNN)  -- The American Civil Liberties Union is pushing for a quick legal decision, hoping to save a high school prom that was allegedly canceled because two lesbians wanted to attend it together. The rights group filed a motion for a preliminary injunction against a Mississippi school district and high school in federal court Tuesday over the April 2 prom. The case will be argued before a federal judge in Mississippi on March 22, the ACLU said. The showdown stems from a complaint by 18-year-old Constance McMillen, who said she was told not to bring her girlfriend to the prom or wear a tuxedo. The prom was canceled after the ACLU demanded that McMillen's high school change its policy. ""I never thought the school would try to cancel the prom and hurt everyone just to keep me and my girlfriend from going together,"" McMillen said in an ACLU news release. ""A lot of people have made really generous offers to pay for a prom somewhere else, which I really appreciate. But all I've ever wanted was to be able to just go to my own school's prom with my girlfriend."" The motion filed Tuesday is part of a lawsuit that the ACLU has filed against the Itawamba County School District and Itawamba Agricultural High School. At the center of the lawsuit is a memorandum from the school to students, dated February 5, which says that prom dates must be of the opposite sex. Also, when McMillen expressed a desire to wear a tuxedo to the prom, the district superintendent told her only male students were allowed to wear them, according to court documents. Superintendent Teresa McNeece also told McMillen that she and her girlfriend could be ejected from the prom if other students complained about their presence, according to the documents. School district officials could not be reached for comment. But the county's board of education said in a statement last week that ""Due to the distractions to the educational process caused by recent events, the Itawamba County School District has decided to not host a prom at Itawamba Agricultural High School this year."" The ACLU aims to change that. ""We are determined to get the prom back on the calendar and open to all students,"" said ACLU lawyer Christine Sun. ""What this case comes down to is the school taking the extraordinary measure of canceling the prom, rather than live up to its legal obligation to fairly treat all students who want to come to it."""
"New York (CNN) -- Have you ever dreamed of watching every game of an entire baseball season? Be careful what you wish for. Major League Baseball intends to have two lucky fans do just that. Starting Thursday, Major League Baseball's opening day, contest winners Mike O'Hara and ""wingman"" Ryan Wagner will view the entire 2011 season in the brand-new ""MLB Fan Cave,"" a Major League Baseball press release announced Wednesday. That means O'Hara and Wagner will view 2,430 regular season games, along with all post-season games, while stationed in front of three 60-inch TVs surrounded by a dozen 32-inch TVs, according to MLB. In addition, these co-fanatics will spend their time, ""chronicling their experiences and sharing their viewpoints on baseball and pop culture through Facebook, Twitter, a blog on MLB.com, custom videos and regular appearances on MLB Network,"" the release said. ""The MLB Fan Cave will give fans a creative new way to experience Major League Baseball,"" said Tim Brosnan, the Executive Vice President of Business for the MLB. ""This is going to be a real-time experience which brings to life how people consume entertainment in 2011 with baseball at the center of it all."" If you're wondering why or how anybody would commit to this, you're not alone. As O'Hara points out in a video released by MLB.com, ""Anytime somebody says you're going to go live in a cave you're frightened right off the bat... bears live in a cave, not people."" But this is not your average cave and the project has been under way since right after the World Series, MLB spokesperson Matt Bourne told CNN. The 15,000-square-foot space in lower Manhattan was designed by Paul DiMeo of ABC's ""Extreme Makeover: Home Edition,"" Wednesday's press release revealed. It contains an 18-foot statue of Willie Mays, a deejay booth, a 1950s-style Pepsi Cafe, a Budweiser Game Room, a Fantasy Baseball Corner, and a pitching alley complete with a radar gun. But the release also indicates that the cave is not just for the cavemen. The space will hold frequent events and offer haircuts and tattoos as well. On select days, the cave will offer appraisals for baseball memorabilia, and most importantly, we can all follow along through digital media to see if these two fans can do the impossible."
"MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- For five years, the horrible memory has lingered in the minds of Madrid's commuters, quietly riding their trains into the heart of the city. The pain is easing, but it's a nagging ache just the same. The rush-hour train bombings killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others. It was March 11, 2004, during morning rush hour, that terrorists armed with powerful bombs boarded these same commuter train lines, unleashing an onslaught that killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others. The attacks are the deadliest in Europe since the rise of al Qaeda. More than a year later on July 7, 2005, terrorists would stage bombings on the London transit system that killed 52 people and wounded hundreds more. The explosives were left on the Spanish trains in sports bags and backpacks -- sometimes placed under seats -- court documents say. The terrorists got off at various stations down the line, before cell-phone timers detonated 10 bombs in quick succession on four trains at three stations. Police dismantled another bomb that didn't explode. It provided vital clues that led to arrests. Eighteen people, mostly Islamic militants, have been convicted in the attacks. Watch more on the anniversary . Juan Carlos Garcia, an engineer who took the train later that same day, said he knows a couple whose daughter died in the attacks. ""It was very tough, especially knowing it could have been you,"" Garcia said. ""Now, you remember it, but not the same as when it just happened."" Beata Sadecka, a regular commuter, says she rides cautiously. ""Every day, when I get on the train, I always ride in the last car,"" Sadecka said. ""I don't know why, for safety,"" she added, not quite sure of her motives. On one train, the first explosion was in a rear car and, as people ran forward to get away, they were hit by explosions in the middle cars, investigators have said. ""People remember the March 11th attacks,"" said Vicente Jimenez, a deputy editor with El Pais newspaper, ""and while conscious that the threat continues, you have to continue with your life."" Memorial observations were scheduled throughout the day, including five minutes of silence for the victims. King Juan Carlos and Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero were not taking part in the public events. A victims group called their non-participation a slight. But on this fifth anniversary, most commuters are just going about their business, with that nagging ache still lingering."
"(CNN) -- In what is being called a ""milestone"" for Iraq's future, the U.N. Security Council voted Wednesday to free the Baghdad government from sanctions that started during the Saddam Hussein era. ""The adoptions of these important resolutions marks the beginning of the end of the sanctions regime and restrictions on Iraq's sovereignty, independence and recovery,"" Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari told the council. ""Our people will rejoice for having turned a chapter on the aggressive, belligerent and defiant behavior of the previous regime toward international law and legitimacy."" One resolution ends the oil-for-food program and another ends sanctions relating to weapons of mass destruction. A third ends the Iraqi Development Fund as of June 30. The move is a major step for Iraq toward regaining full sovereignty and improving its standing in the international community. The country will be able to have free and unrestricted international financial and trade dealings and to handle its own oil revenues. And it will be able to start a civilian nuclear power program if it is interested. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, who chaired the Security Council meeting Wednesday, praised Iraq's progress toward democracy and meeting its international obligations. Biden issued a statement saying the ""Security Council welcomes the positive developments in Iraq,"" including its forging of democracy, its development, and the performance of security forces. ""Politics has emerged as the dominant means for settling differences and advancing interests,"" Biden said. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called the development a ""milestone."" ""Its people have known tremendous hardship,"" he said. ""They continue to struggle with insecurity and appalling violence. They lack jobs and basic services. But today we recognize how far the country has come in key aspects of its journey to normalize its status in the community of nations."" Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990, triggering the Gulf War. In 2003, the United States led an invasion of Iraq, citing Saddam Hussein's weapons of mass destruction activities as one of the reasons. But, none of those weapons were discovered. While Wednesday's vote ends sanctions imposed on Iraq from the days of the Hussein regime, other differences remain between Iraq and Kuwait. Zebari said Iraq is committed to settling those unresolved issues bilaterally with Kuwait and his country is ""committed to fulfill its remaining obligations"" under Chapter 7 of the U.N. sanctions. ""Iraq still has some way to go to resolve all outstanding issues with brotherly, neighborly Kuwait,"" he said. ""There has been positive cooperation and exchange between our two governments to resolve and settle all pending issues between our two countries, emanating from Saddam Hussein's aggression and invasion of Kuwait in 1990."" Unresolved issues include demarcation of the Iraqi-Kuwait border and efforts to locate missing Kuwaitis and third-party nationals, and continuing to pay war reparations."
"(CNN) -- A picturesque New York town is all abuzz and ready for its closeup as the countdown to Chelsea Clinton's wedding starts. Clinton, 30, is expected to wed investment banker Marc Mezvinsky, 32, on Saturday in Rhinebeck. The former first family is guarding details of the upcoming nuptials like state secrets, and has not released any information. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently said she's ""under very strict orders"" not to talk about it. The order seems to extend to those involved in the planning. A host of vendors contacted by CNN declined to comment, including a florist rumored to be involved. CNN could not independently verify the wedding venue. The secrecy and silence have only fueled the speculation. Residents of Rhinebeck -- population 4,000 -- are hanging up congratulatory signs on windows. And talking to television crews. And hoping the influx of high-profile visitors will mean a boost in the town's economy. And ... well, you get the point. Local media have been crowing that the couple will wed at Astor Courts, a posh estate built more than a century ago along the Hudson River. The Beaux Arts building was one of the last buildings designed by the famous American architect Stanford White, according to the estate's website. Lynn Lobotsky, a local florist, recently told CNN that she's seen crews working around the clock along a stone wall leading up to the estate. ""They even worked on Sunday,"" Lobotsky said. Adding to the speculation, the FAA has declared a no-fly-zone around Rhinebeck on Saturday and Sunday. The restriction is for ""temporary flight restrictions for VIP movement,"" the FAA said on its website. Read the FAA's Temporary Flight Restriction notice . Rhinebeck resident Dan Landa is taking it all in stride. ""With everything this wedding entails, I can't believe what's going to happen this weekend,"" Landa told CNN television affiliate YNN. ""I can say I'll still treat it like a regular workday, regular old day in the life of me."" Is there any rivalry between the Clintons hometown of Chappaqua -- and the town 100 miles north of New York city where the nuptials will take place? They shouldn't be, said resident Susan Cole. ""To be honest, the Rhinebeck area needs the $3 million more than the Chappaqua area does,"" Cole told YNN. White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said President Barack Obama will not attend the nuptials."
"Devecser, Hungary (CNN) -- The aluminum plant at the heart of the deadly toxic red sludge spill in Hungary will resume production at the end of the week, government officials said Wednesday. And the chief executive of the plant, who was arrested on Monday, has been released pending trial, his lawyer Janos Banati said. Zoltan Bakonyi, the chief executive of the MAL aluminum plant, was detained Monday, accused of public endangerment and harming the environment, authorities said. The announcement came on the same day officials said a ninth person had died from the toxic spill. The European Union said Wednesday the rescue phase of the operation has concluded. The main priority is now is cleaning up, said Laurent de Pierrefeu, an EU official on the ground at the scene of the spill. The red sludge leaked from a reservoir at the plant in Hungary and streamed through villages and into the Danube, Europe's second largest river. The plant will be guarded by police and will be monitored by the government, the country's disaster relief commissioner said at a news conference Wednesday. Workers in Hungary have been racing to build three emergency dams to stem an expected second toxic spill from the plant. Some 500,000 cubic meters of toxic red sludge is in the plant's reservoir, whose wall shows signs of ruptures and cracks, said Gyorgi Tottos, a spokeswoman with Hungary's emergency services department. Officials say it's only a matter of time before the wall breaks and spews the sludge across the landscape, she said. The amount of sludge that remains in the reservoir is about half the amount that spilled out more than week ago, inundating three villages and leaving the landscape covered in red. Crews were also trying to remove a layer of liquid from the top of the sludge in the reservoir in order to make the mud less mobile if the wall breaks. The aluminum company said in a statement Saturday it was doing its utmost ""to avoid further damages and to reinforce the injured deposit."" The company said it has performed extensive maintenance work and renovations in the past decade and had followed safety regulations. It has also established a relief fund for victims of the spill and was attempting to help in finding accommodations for residents who were evacuated. About 800 people had to leave the village of Kolontar, downstream from the reservoir, and hundreds of soldiers were ready to rescue inhabitants of a nearby village if the wall collapses. CNN's Tommy Evans and James Partington contributed to this report."
"Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) --  The militants behind Wednesday's deadly strike on a Pakistani marketplace that killed at least 90 people -- most of them women -- are ""on the losing side of history,"" U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said at a joint news conference with her Pakistani counterpart. ""If the people behind the attacks were so sure of their beliefs let them join the political process, let them come forth to the people and make their case that they don't want girls to go to school, that they want women to be kept back, that they believe they have all the answers,"" Clinton said in response to the car bombing in Peshawar. ""They know they are on the losing side of history but they are determined to take as many lives with them as their movement is finally exposed for the nihilistic, empty effort that it is."" Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also condemned the deadly attack, offering his condolences to the victims and their families and directly addressing the attackers. ""We will not buckle, we will fight you because we want stability and peace in Pakistan,"" Qureshi said. ""You are on the run and we know that. We defeated you in Swat and Malakand. You think by attacking innocent people and lives you will shake our determination? No, sir, you will not."" The blast at the Meena Bazaar killed at least 90 people, most of them women, and injured more than 200 others, according to North West Frontier Province's information minister. The market is a labyrinth of shops popular with women in the Peepal Mandi section of the city. The attack is the deadliest ever carried out in Peshawar, the capital of North West Frontier Province. Clinton arrived in Pakistan on Wednesday for a series of meetings with top Pakistani officials. Talking with reporters en route to the country, Clinton said she wants to ""turn the page"" on what has been, in the past few years, ""primarily a security-anti-terrorist agenda."" ""We hold that to be extremely important, and it remains a very high priority,"" she said. ""But we also recognize that it is imperative that we broaden our engagement with Pakistan."" Clinton said there have been ""a lot of misconceptions"" about American intentions. ""We have a relationship that we want to strengthen, but we don't want it to be lopsided. We don't want it to be just about security and just about our anti-terrorist agenda,"" she said. ""It is unfortunate that there are those who question our motives, who perhaps are skeptical that we are going to commit to a long-term relationship, and I want to try to clear the air up on that while I am in the country,"" she said."
"(CNN) -- The captain of the Italian national football team, Fabio Cannavaro, has hit out at his treatment at the hands of the world's media after being cleared of doping by the Italian Olympic Committee (CONI). Fabio Cannavaro has been cleared of doping by the Italian Olympic Committee. The Juventus defender, who led his country to World Cup victory in 2006, failed a drugs test two days after treating a wasp sting with a cream containing cortisone on 28 August. The case against the 36-year-old, whose insect-allergy means that untreated stings could prove fatal, was dropped by CONI's anti-doping prosecutor Ettore Torri after documentation detailing the situation was provided by his club. Torri has a notorious reputation for his hard line stance against doping in sport, having previously charged those who argued positive tests were the result of legitimate circumstances. After the results were announced, Cannavaro criticized how the story had been reported by many areas of the press. ""You get stung by a wasp and then find yourself in the newspaper as if you had been doping,"" Cannavaro said. ""Some newspapers and television channels went too far -- this is the second time in my life that I've found myself gratuitously in the newspapers for a story like this. ""I hope this story does not follow me beyond today. My career has always been distinguished by respect for the rules,"" the footballer told Gazzetto dello Sport. Cannavaro was previously cleared of a similar charge in 1999, when he was videoed inserting a drip into his arm before he went onto to help Parma beat Marseilles to win the Uefa Cup. ""I didn't have any doubt [about the outcome]. ""I am sorry that a matter of this kind stirred up such a fuss. ""My personal history and my career show my respect towards sports and the ethical principles which support it,"" Cannavaro added. Italy sealed their place at the 2010 World Cup with a 2-2 draw against Ireland on Saturday, despite Cannavaro's absence through suspension. Italy play Cyprus at home on Wednesday and have been buoyed by the news that talismanic forward Francesco Totti has said he would consider coming out of retirement for the World Cup. The injury-prone 33-year-old Roma captain retired from international play after lifting the world Cup in Germany. But he told Gazzetta dello Sport: ""It depends on coach (Marcello Lippi's) choices and my condition. I owe (Lippi) a lot.''"
"United Nations (CNN) -- The United Nations Security Council decided Tuesday to postpone for a day a vote to approve sending 2,000 additional troops to the Ivory Coast. Security Council diplomats said the vote was delayed because Russia had objections to the ""political"" language in the draft resolution. ""[Wednesday], we will adopt the resolution,"" Ambassador Ivan Barbalic of Bosnia-Herzegovina, this month's president of the council, told reporters. Asked whether disagreements between member states led to the delay, Barbalic said ""There are no disagreements. It will be adopted."" The Security Council is expected to approve the increase unanimously, a diplomat from one of the council's member states told CNN on Monday. U.N. officials requested up to 2,000 more peacekeepers in early January, which would bring mission strength to more than 11,000 troops and police. The increased number of troops comes amid a standoff between self-proclaimed President Laurent Gbagbo and the internationally recognized winner of November's presidential runoff, Alassane Ouattara. Ouattara is holed up in a hotel in Abidjan under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers, and the United Nations has blamed Gbagbo's supporters for a string of attacks on U.N. vehicles and troops in the past week. Gbagbo's foreign minister, Alcide Djedje, said earlier this month that the peacekeepers are ""complicit with the rebellion"" and that the sitting government has ""no more confidence in the U.N."" The standoff has raised fears of a renewal of the bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002. More than 25,000 Ivorians have fled to neighboring Liberia since the crisis began, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported last week. The Economic Community of West African States has threatened to use ""legitimate force"" to remove Gbagbo, who met Monday with African Union mediator Raila Odinga. Odinga, Kenya's prime minister, arrived in Abidjan for the talks early Monday. The cocoa-producing nation was wracked by civil war from 2002 to 2007, when a settlement left the country divided between north and south. The 2010 elections came with high expectations that they would open a new chapter in the country's history. CNN's Whitney Hurst and Zain Verjee contributed to this report."
"The NBA finals will go into a seventh and deciding game after the Los Angeles Lakers kept their title defense alive by destroying the Boston Celtics 89-67 at home on Tuesday night to level the series at 3-3. It will be just the second time in 16 years that the best-of-seven series has gone the distance when the teams meet again in L.A. on Thursday. The Celtics could have taken the title for a record 18th time if they had won game six, but instead they slumped to their lowest-ever score in an NBA finals clash, hampered by the injury of Kendrick Perkins who was forced to sit out after hurting his knee in the first quarter. ""We just didn't play desperate like we wanted to win the championship,"" Boston's Paul Pierce told the official NBA Web site. ""You could tell that the guys were kind of anxious. When you're so close to a championship, sometimes that creeps in."" L.A. playmaker Kobe Bryant scored a team-high 26 points in the game to give the Lakers the chance of defending the title they won against Orlando last year. Spanish forward Pau Gasol and veteran Ron Artest also contributed to the win, scoring 17 and 15 points respectively to ensure the West Coast team did not suffer their third consecutive defeat in the series. They led Boston by a 20-point margin at halftime, a gap which from which the East Coast side were unable to recover despite a strong finish from Ray Allen, who scored 17. Lakers center Andrew Bynum -- another player struggling with a knee problem that forced him to miss much of game five -- only managed a first-half appearance, but is feeling confident about playing in the decider. ""I felt like I would hurt the team if I was out there, he told the official NBA Web site. ""This was precautionary. Save it for game seven."" L.A. coach Phil Jackson, who will lead a team into game seven of the NBA finals for the first time in his career, is excited about the prospect of Thursday's final showdown between the two rival sides. ""It's really a high tension situation,"" Jackson said. ""It's about who comes out and provides the energy on the floor and plays the kind of game and dictates the kind of game they want to dictate."" And after L.A.'s dominant performance in game six, Jackson's team will be feeling confident they can retain the NBA title on their home court, but Boston are sure to put up a fight. ""Game six is in the past,"" the Celtics' Rajon Rondo said. ""We're not down. We're not hanging our heads."""
"(CNN) -- Shortly after Kamal Ganzouri stepped down as prime minister more than a decade ago, Egypt's state-run al-Ahram newspaper ran a story in which various party and government officials accused him of being arrogant, autocratic and corrupt. Neither those portrayals, however, nor the fact Ganzouri was appointed and served three years under deposed President Hosni Mubarak spelled the end of the economist's political career. In fact, he now appears set to take on his old role at one of the most tumultuous, momentous times in modern Egyptian history. On Thursday, military spokesman Lt. Col. Amr Imam told CNN that Ganzouri, 81, had agreed -- after meeting with Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, field marshal of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and Egypt's dominant figure since Mubarak's ouster in February -- to become Egypt's prime minister once again. If he can put together a government, Ganzouri will complete a resurgence that might have seemed unlikely after he left office in 1999. The next April, al-Ahram noted criticisms levied at Ganzouri -- from then-parliamentary speaker Fathi Sorour, Mubarak's chief of staff Zakaria Azmi and several members of parliament -- tied to his handling of financial and other matters during his three years as prime minister. For instance, Sorour claimed that Ganzouri had excessively issued military orders, citing his role as military governor, under emergency law. Sorour called such orders ""a clear infringement of the assembly's legislative mandate,"" according to the al-Ahram report. And Ayman Nour, a member of the then-minority and liberal Wafd party, blasted what he described as Ganzouri's authoritarian actions as a ""flagrant infringement of the constitution and parliament's authority,"" in the same al-Ahram story. Still, the fact that Tantawi apparently approached Ganzouri about the prime minister's job suggests that -- more than 11 years later -- military leaders today have a high opinion of him. He has online supporters as well, including a Facebook page with 653 ""likes"" as of Thursday night and filled with comments suggesting that he is the best person to lead Egypt. Besides his economic background at a time of continued financial crisis in Egypt, Ganzouri would bring a wealth of government experience to the job. Starting in 1987, he served as a deputy prime minister. In 1996, Mubarak appointed Ganzouri as prime minister after Atek Sedki resigned after nine years in that position."
"(Mental Floss) -- Agatha Christie was a painfully shy girl, so her mom homeschooled her even though her two older siblings attended private school. President Woodrow Wilson didn't learn to read until age 12. Pearl S. Buck was born in West Virginia, but her family moved to China when she was just three months old. She was homeschooled by a Confucian scholar and learned English as a second language from her mom. Alexander Graham Bell was homeschooled by his mother until he was about 10. It was at this point that she started to go deaf and didn't feel she could properly educate him any more. Her deafness inspired Bell to study acoustics and sound later in life. If Thomas Edison were around today, he would probably be diagnosed with ADD -- he left public school after only three months because his mind wouldn't stop wandering. His mom homeschooled him after that, and he credited her with the success of his education: ""My mother was the making of me. She was so true, so sure of me; and I felt I had something to live for, someone I must not disappoint."" Mental Floss: Jefferson vs. Adams and the birth of negative campaigning . Ansel Adams was homeschooled at the age of 12 after his ""wild laughter and undisguised contempt for the inept ramblings of his teachers"" disrupted the classroom. His father took on his education from that point forward. Robert Frost hated school so much he would get physically ill at the thought of going. He was homeschooled until his high school years. Woodrow Wilson studied under his dad, one of the founders of the Southern Presbyterian Church in the United States (PCUS). He didn't learn to read until he was about 12. He took a few classes at a school in Augusta, Georgia, to supplement his father's teachings, and ended up spending a year at Davidson College before transferring to Princeton. Mental Floss: 8 tuition-free colleges . Mozart was educated by his dad as the Mozart family toured Europe from 1763-1766. Laura Ingalls Wilder was homeschooled until her parents finally settled in De Smet in what was then Dakota Territory. She started teaching school herself when she was only 15 years old. Louisa May Alcott studied mostly with her dad, but had a few lessons from family friends Henry David Thoreau, Ralph Waldo Emerson and Nathaniel Hawthorne. Can you imagine? For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com . Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC. All rights reserved."
"(CNN)  -- Felipe Massa had emergency surgery for a fractured skull after a freak crash in final qualifying for Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix. Felipe Massa receives attention after his high-speed crash in Hungarian Grand Prix qualifying. The Brazilian careered off at the 200kph Turn Four at the Hungaroring after being hit in the helmet by flying debris from rear wing of the Brawn GP of compatriot Rubens Barrichello. 2008 championship runner-up Massa was stunned and lost control as his Ferrari flew into a tire wall at high speed. He was airlifted from the circuit to the AEK Hospital in Budapest and later underwent an emergency operation for the damage to his skull. Massa is in intensive care on a respirator and remains under observation in an induced coma. ""The condition of the driver is serious, but stable,"" said a hospital spokesman. After the frightening incident, Fernando Alonso claimed a surprising pole position in a chaotic end to Saturday's proceedings. The Massa accident happened at the end of the second qualifying session and the action was suspended while officials checked for debris. When the third and final qualifying session got underway it was Renault's Alonso clocked the fastest time of one minute 21.559 seconds. Sebastian Vettel, second in the title race to Jenson Button, will start alongside Alonso on the front row, with his Red Bull teammate Mark Webber qualifying third. Button was only eighth fastest with  Brawn GP teammate Barrichello 13th best, their worst qualifying performance of the season. Button delayed his final qualifying run while his car was checked out after the earlier incident. Reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton was fourth best for the improving McLaren team with Nico Rosberg in fifth for Williams. With the electronic timing system lost to the pit lane and the television coverage, former two-time world champion Alonso was at first unaware he had taken his first pole of the season. ""We have made a good step forward and the car did improve in the last two races. We are more competitive, but I don't think we are as quick as these two guys (referring to Red Bull drivers Vettel and Webber),"" he said. ""We will try to win, but being honest and realistic, our target is to get some good points,"" added the Spaniard."
"(CNN) -- The Tampa Bay Rays and St. Louis Cardinals won wild card berths in the Major League Baseball (MLB) playoffs after dramatic victories Wednesday. Trailing 7-0 to the American League (AL) East champion New York Yankees in St. Petersburg, Florida, the Rays launched an astonishing comeback to win in the 12th-inning. Despite their comeback success, the Rays still needed the Baltimore Orioles to defeat the Boston Red Sox in Maryland to clinch the berth on the regular season's final night. The O's obliged by notching a 4-3 win in the bottom of the ninth in a game delayed by rain for an hour and a half. There was similar drama in the National League (NL), as the Cardinals capitalized on the Atlanta Braves' 4-3 loss to National League East champion Philadelphia. The Cardinals beat Houston 8-0 to earn the other wild card spot. Major League Baseball introduced the wild card system in 1994. It rewards the two best-performing second-place teams with a spot in the playoffs -- with one team coming from each league. The Rays' victory capped a remarkable turnaround, with the Florida-based team having been nine games behind the Red Sox on September 3. Third baseman Evan Longoria hit the game-winning home run in the 12th-inning, and told the Rays' website it was like something ""meant for some kind of book."" ""If you could have drawn it up any better, it would be completely fake,"" he said. The Cardinals completed an equally impressive comeback, having trailed the Braves by 10 games on August 25. ""Once we got within hailing distance, the game of baseball is what it is,"" Cardinals manager Tony La Russa said on the team's website. ""We kept doing things that gave us a chance."" ""A winning record against winning clubs. We just kept cranking out extra wins, and it made the thing look better and better."" After Wednesday's events, the line-up for the 2011 MLB playoffs has now been decided. The Rays' reward for their heroics is a series against the AL West champion Texas Rangers, while the Yankees will go up against the AL Central-winning Detroit Tigers. In the National League, the Cardinals will take on the Phillies, with the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Milwaukee Brewers meeting in the other National League Division Series. CNN's Matt Cherry contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- World number one Rafael Nadal got his bid to win his first ever U.S. Open title off to a good start with a 7-6 (7-4) 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 first-round victory over Russian Teymuraz Gabashvili at Flushing Meadows. Nadal will now face Uzbek Denis Istomin in the second round after a match in which the Spaniard was unable to break the serve of player ranked 98 in the world until well into the third set. However, the Wimbledon and French Open champion wore his opponent down in the tie breaks to set up a more comfortable third-set win for the match. ""I had a few terrible mistakes with the breakpoints, so I went for two tie breaks,"" Nadal told the official U.S. Open website following the match. ""I played well in the two tie breaks, I think [which] is important for the confidence,"" he added. If Nadal is successful in claiming the U.S. Open title he will join Rod Laver, Pete Sampras and Roger Federer as the only men to have won three consecutive grand slam titles. Blog:Home hopes distant ahead of U.S. Open . Elsewhere, Nadal Djokovic battled to a 6-3 3-6 2-6 7-5 6-3 win over compatriot Viktor Troicki in his opening game. After sealing the win the number three seed admitted the energy-sapping match had taken its toll. ""I've played a lot of long matches in very difficult conditions, feeling very exhausted ... You kind of start panicking a bit when you don't feel great physically,"" Djokovic told the tournament's website. ""I tried to tell myself, hang in there, you know, the chance will come. He will get tired too,"" he added. Marcos Baghdatis succumbed to a shock defeat to Arnaud Clement of France -- losing 6-3 2-6 1-6 6-4 7-5 at the Louis Armstrong Stadium -- while David Nalbandian and Fernando Verdasco both booked their tickets to the second round. Argentine Nalbandian bounced back from a break down to beat South Africa's Rik de Voest over five sets, while Verdasco saw off the challenge of Italy's Fabio Fognini in five sets to insure the Spaniard did not repeat his first-round exit of Wimbledon. Following the recent good form that saw him finish second to Roger Federer in Cincinnati, number 19 seed Mardy Fish showed his character to emerge as victor over Jan Hajek in a 6-0 3-6 4-6 6-0 6-1 win."
(CNN) -- Substitute Victor Obinna came off the bench to score twice as Nigeria beat Kenya 3-0 in Abuja, to claim their first victory in African World Cup qualifying Group B. Obinna scored a late second-half double to help Nigeria cruise to a 3-0 home victory over Kenya. The Inter Milan striker scored twice in the last 17 minutes, including one from the penalty spot, after Getafe's Ikechukwu Uche had given the Super Eagles as early lead. The result sees Nigeria move up to second place in the table with four points from their two games, two points behind leaders Tunisia who beat Mozambique 2-0 on Saturday to have maximum points from their two matches. Kenya are bottom of the table, without a point, and it already looks like Tunisia and Nigeria will battle it out for top spot in the group and automatic qualification for the World Cup finals. Elsewhere in Africa, Cameroon are surprisingly bottom of Group A after a 0-0 home draw with Morocco in Yaounde. The two group favorites cancelled each other out, meaning they both have a point apiece from their two matches. Gabon are the shock group leaders -- and they followed up their opening victory in Morocco by thumping an Emmanuel Adebayor-led Togo 3-0 in Libreville on Saturday. That result means Gabon are on six points, with Togo second on three points. Meanwhile, in Group E, Ivory Coast made it two wins from two matches to go top of the group with a 2-1 victory in Guinea. Sevilla midfielder Christian Koffi Ndri scored the winning goal with 13 minutes remaining as Ivory Coast joined Burkina Faso on a maximum six points. The two teams already look to have the group between them, as Guinea and Malawi are both point-less from their two matches. Malawi lost 1-0 at home to Burkina Faso on Saturday. African champions Egypt prop up Group C after crashing 3-1 in Algeria where Karim Matmour (60), Abdelkader Ghezzal (64) and Rafik Djebbour (77) were on target for the hosts. Algeria top their section on goal difference from Zambia after their weekend success in front of a sell-out crowd. Ghana, who reached their first World Cup finals in Germany three years ago, won 2-0 at Mali and lead Group D by three points from Benin. Kwadwo Asamoah and Matthew Amoah were on target.
"On CNN's ""State of the Union,"" host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country. This week, King traveled to New Hampshire, where diner patrons shared their thoughts on President Obama and the economy. The Tilt'n Diner hosted all the major presidential candidates during the primaries in 2008. TILTON, New Hampshire (CNN)  -- Kate O'Leary voted for Barack Obama and began the year full of energy. But her hope is giving way these days to a sense that some things never change. ""I trust his motives,"" she said of President Obama. ""I feel like he is an honorable guy, I am not sure if he can do it. That's the problem."" Too much too soon is one of her worries. Too much politics as usual is another. Add in too much bailout money and Kate O'Leary is more sober now than she was when Obama took the oath of office. Across from O'Leary sat Debbie Lurvey, who took a job at the Tilt'n Diner after losing her job in the mortgage business. ""It was a forced unemployment because of the economy,"" Lurvey said. ""So, you know, I decided that it was best to move on to something a little more stable."" O'Leary and Lurvey are among those who think the economy is going to get worse before it gets better. But our third guest for our weekly diner conversation, Jim Wells, isn't so sure. ""I think most of it is psychological,"" said Wells, a Republican who believes consumers need to be more confident. ""The secret out of a recession like this is to spend money. And you have got to spend your own, you can't expect somebody else to spend it for you."" He makes the distinction between consumer spending and what he sees as too much government spending. ""We are going to have to pay the bill in another two or three years and it is going to be scary when it happens,"" Wells said. All three agreed one thing missing from Washington is a spirit of cooperation and compromise. Lurvey said the pain of losing her job and dealing with foreclosure have taught her there are some things the government can't do. ""It is a good time to get back to what this country was made on -- it's the family,"" she said. ""And you know I think for awhile we were all going crazy and overspending and living beyond our means and this has kind of been a reality check for most people."""
"YANGON, Myanmar (CNN) -- Courts in Myanmar have sentenced a blogger, a poet and several dissidents to several years in jail for anti-regime activities, a court official told CNN Tuesday. Young people at an Internet cafe in Myanmar. The verdicts were announced Monday and Tuesday, the court official said. Blogger Nay Phone Latt was sentenced to more than 20 years in jail for his illegal Internet activities, the court official said. The blogger was a ""major source of information for the outside world"" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, said The Irrawaddy, an online newspaper published by exiles from Myanmar, which is also known as Burma. The government exercises strict controls over media outlets in the southeast Asian country. Dissidents often turn to the Internet to disseminate information. In the second case, poet Saw Wai received a two-year jail sentence for a poem he wrote for Valentine's Day that contained a veiled jab at the junta's leading figure, Senior Gen. Than Shwe. The first words of each line in the eight-line poem, ""February the Fourteenth"" spelled out the message: ""Senior General Than Shwe is crazy with power."" On Tuesday, the government handed down prison sentences to about a dozen members of a pro-democracy group known as the '88 Generation Students. Irrawaddy said the members were each sentenced to 65 years in jail, but CNN could not independently confirm the figure. Members of the group took part in the anti-government demonstrations that ended with the death of as many as 100 people last year after security forces clashed with thousands of protesters. The dead included 40 Buddhist monks. Witnesses said the violent crackdown in September 2007 came as hundreds of monks defied a military ban on public assembly. Until then, demonstrations led by the monks -- who are highly respected in the predominantly Buddhist country -- had gone largely unchallenged by the military, which has ruled the country since the 1960s. The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government, and quickly escalated. The action was informally dubbed the ""Saffron Revolution"" because of the maroon robes with saffron sashes that the monks wore."
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- More than two years after her death, Carol Anne Gotbaum's children are expected to receive a $250,000 settlement from an insurance company on behalf of the city of Phoenix, Arizona, and its police department. Carol Gotbaum, shown in an undated family photo, died accidentally, a medical examiner said. The 45-year-old Gotbaum accidentally strangled herself while in police custody after behaving erratically in a terminal at Phoenix's Sky Harbor airport when she missed her connecting flight, according to both family and police accounts. Gotbaum, the stepdaughter-in-law of New York City Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum, was traveling alone and unescorted on her way to an alcohol rehabilitation center in Tucson, Arizona. Gotbaum's family had originally sought $8 million but subsequently reduced that to $5.5 million. They accused the city and its police department of negligence in leaving Gotbaum chained and unattended in an airport police cell. Her three children, all still under age 10, will be the beneficiaries of the settlement once it is approved by a New York surrogate court, whose duties are to deal with issues concerning the deceased. According to the Phoenix Police Department, its insurance carrier had spent $500,000 so far on the case and anticipated spending another $750,000 in litigation. It was a financial decision by the insurance carrier to settle in order to minimize further costs, the department said. Witnesses reported that Gotbaum may have been drinking on her flight and had been drinking heavily in an airport bar just before the altercation with police. She had missed her connection and was bumped from another one after airline personnel would not allow her to use a boarding pass given to her by another passenger. She grew incensed, threw her phone and started running down the concourse yelling, ""I am not a terrorist,"" according to witness accounts. Police said they had no information regarding her physical or psychological state when they responded to a call from gate agents. In a security video she is seen struggling with officers as they drag her down a concourse. An internal police investigation and one by the city found that the police did not violate any laws. But Gotbaum's husband, Noah, filed suit claiming the officers were negligent in leaving her unattended in a disoriented state."
"(CNN) -- The Scottish Rugby Union has appointed Andy Robinson, formerly coach of bitter rivals England, as the new national team boss. Andy Robinson will be seeking to revive the fortunes of Scotland's struggling rugby side. The 45-year-old won eight caps as a flanker for England, and was assistant coach in Clive Woodward's 2003 World Cup-winning set-up before taking over for an ill-fated reign himself in 2004, winning just nine of 22 matches. Robinson returned to top-class coaching with Celtic League team Edinburgh in 2007, and has sufficiently impressed Scottish officials in the 20 months since then to win favor as the replacement for Frank Hadden. He had been part of Hadden's backroom staff, and had already been chosen to coach Scotland A this summer. Hadden resigned on April 2 after Scotland again struggled in the Six Nations, finishing second from bottom with just one win from five outings. Robinson was delighted to be given the chance to return to the international stage. ""With the World Cup in New Zealand in 2011, I believe we have a crop of players who can really challenge the world's best, and preparation for that starts now,"" he told the SRU Web site. ""I'm looking forward to leading Scotland A into the IRB Nations Cup in Romania next week and thereafter preparing for our Autumn Tests at Murrayfield against Fiji, Australia and Argentina."" Robinson is believed to have headed off the likes of South Africa's World Cup-winning coach Jake White and former Australia boss Eddie Jones for the job. Former Scotland captain and British and Irish Lion Gordon Bulloch was part of the interview panel that determined the appointment. ""Andy was the outstanding candidate from a quite exceptional shortlist which underlines the allure of coaching the Scotland team,"" he told the SRU's Web site. ""I know from having had the privilege of his coaching and guidance on Lions tours that he is passionate about his rugby, is a skilled communicator and has values and an ethos which are absolutely at one with developing a winning Scotland team."" Scottish Rugby chief executive Gordon McKie said he was confident Robinson would prove to be successful. ""Andy has proved himself at every level of the game and we are thrilled that he will now be leading the Scotland team as we look towards the challenges of the next three years, including the 2011 World Cup,"" McKie said. ""He has been part of the Scottish Rugby family for the past two years and has brought success both to Edinburgh Rugby, with their highest ever Magners League finish in successive seasons, and has also guided the Scotland A team to notable successes."""
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- As an organization they're used to investing billions of dollars in scientific experiments that further our knowledge of earth and space. But the only bill to speak of on this occasion is orange and attached to the body of a rubber duck. Scientists from NASA hope that rubber ducks will help them better understand glacier movements. In the name of climate change science, researchers at NASA have dropped 90 rubber ducks into holes of Greenland's fastest moving glacier: the Jakobshavn Glacier in Baffin Bay. Scientists remain unsure as to why glaciers speed up their movement in the summer months and it is hoped that the rubber ducks -- labeled with the words ""science experiment"" and ""reward"" in three languages, along with an email address -- will shed some light on the phenomenon. One theory is that the summer sun melts ice on the surface of the glacier which creates pools of water which then flow into moulins -- narrow tubular shafts in the glacier. These then transport the water from the top to the underside of the glacier. It's thought that this base water acts as a lubricant to speed up the movement of the glacier towards the sea. It is hoped the ducks will help show how the water moves through the ice. In conjunction with the ducks, Nasa has also launched a GPS probe which they hope will tell them more about the inner workings of the glacier. So far, neither the probe nor any of the ducks have turned up. Alberto Behar of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California told Reuters: ""We haven't heard back but it may take some time until somebody actually finds it and decides to send us an e-mail that they have found it."" The Jakobshavn Glacier is responsible for seven percent of all ice which is peeling off Greenland and its ice sheets could contribute to sea levels rising this century. The glacier's menace was also felt last century. Experts believe that it was the source of the iceberg which sank the Titanic in 1912. It's not the first time rubber ducks have helped scientists track water flows. Thousands fell into the sea in 1992 when a container ship bound for Seattle from China shed its load in a storm in the Pacific Ocean. The ducks spent years at sea and washed up in all corners of the globe, telling oceanographers much about the surface currents of the oceans."
(CNN) -- Milan legend Paolo Maldini played his final match in front of his San Siro fans on Sunday, but Roma spoiled the celebrations by claiming a shock 3-2 defeat. Maldini salutes the crowd on his lap of honor as his San Siro career ends in a 3-2 defeat by Roma. The 40-year-old Maldini made his debut for the club in 1985 as a 16-year-old and he was awarded an emotional lap of honor despite the match result. Roma took a first-half lead when Norwegian defender lashed home a fierce shot after David Pizarro rolled a free-kick into his path -- and the scoreline remained the same until an explosive final 15 minutes. Milan levelled in the 75th minute when Roma goalkeeper Artur saved Filippo Inzaghi's shot from Kaka's cross -- and Massimo Ambrosini swept home the loose ball. But just five minutes later Roma were back in front as Jeremy Menez twisted and turned in the area before shooting across Dida into the far corner. That lead lasted only a minute as Ambrosini was left unmarked at the back post to turn home Kaka's cross for his second of the game. But Roma came back again and they took the lead for the third time when captain Francesco Totti thumped home a free-kick with five minutes to play. Milan and Juventus are now level on points in second position, but Juve lead on their head-to head after a 3-0 victory at Siena, their first win in eight matches. Both teams are guaranteed Champions League football and are 10 points behind champions Inter Milan with just one match remaining, despite Jose Mourinho's side going down 2-1 at Cagliari. Meanwhile, a last-minute Martin Jorgensen goal earned fourth-placed Fiorentina, who will go into the Champions League qualifiers, a 1-1 draw at Lecce -- a result that relegates the home side to Serie B. Lecce join already relegated Reggina in the second tier. They will be joined by either Bologna, who drew 0-0 against Chievo, or Torino -- who lost 3-2 against Genoa -- in losing their top flight status.
"(CNN) -- Formula One is set for a return to the United States in 2012, after an agreement was reached to build a brand-new racing track in the Texan state capital Austin. The decision for the southern American city to host F1 on a ten-year deal was confirmed on Wednesday, by the sport's rights owner Bernie Ecclestone. ""For the first time in the history of Formula One in the United States, a world-class facility will be purpose-built to host the event,"" he told the official F1 Web site. ""This will be the first time a facility is constructed from the ground up specifically for Formula One in the US."" Is America interested in Formula One? The U.S. Grand Prix was last held at the famous Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 2007 and America has hosted F1 Grand Prix's in a number of locations across the country since the 1950's. However, the U.S.'s relationship with the sport ended amidst controversy when a dispute between tire manufacturers in 2005 led to most drivers boycotting the race and only six competing. But speculation has been rife over F1 returning to the country for some time, after Ecclestone made no secret that he wished to make a fresh attempt to crack the U.S. market. New York, San Francisco and Miami were some of the other locations in the frame to host a revamped U.S. Grand Prix, but it was the surprise contender Austin that won the race in the end. And organizers in Austin are confident that after its five-year break F1 can become more popular in the U.S. that it was last time around. ""We realize that over the last 30 years there have been one or two missing pieces from the previous editions of the United States Grand Prix,"" Tavo Hellmand, managing director of US Grand Prix promoters Full Throttle Productions told the F1 Web site. ""We have a tremendous opportunity at hand to do it right - to feature Austin as the backdrop and produce one of the great sporting events in the world."" The American company Goodyear is also competing to provide the tires for the next F1 season -- along with Italian tire firm Pirelli and French firm Michelin -- which could further increase American influence in the sport. There is also the prospect of the all-American team USF1 taking part in future F1 racing -- the team failed to line up on the grid for the 2010 Championships due to financial troubles, but the sport's governing body, the Federation Internationale d' Automobile, are considering the possibility of the team taking part in the 2011 season."
"(CNN) -- McLaren's Lewis Hamilton scored an early boost over his three Formula One world-championship rivals on Friday as he set the fastest time in practice ahead of Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Hamilton's lap time of one minute 40.888 seconds put him clear of Red Bull duo Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber, who finished second and fourth respectively, with Fernando Alonso -- the favorite to take the 2010 crown at the season-ending race -- third fastest. Who needs to do what to win the F1 drivers' title . Two-time champion Alonso, 29, is the only one of the four who can seal the title at the Yas Marina Circuit with a top-two finish regardless of where the others finish, with each of the remaining drivers needing results to go their way for victory. Hamilton still holds a slim hope of winning his second championship; he is currently fourth in the standings, 24 points behind leader Alonso, with 25 points on offer for the winner of the season's final race. Formula One standings after Brazilian Grand Prix . The 25-year-old had to battle with his Ferrari counterpart as they traded fast laps, but it was the 2008 champion who eventually got the better of the Spaniard. ""The car feels good, so I'm hopeful for a good qualifying result tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon,"" said Hamilton in a McLaren statement. ""Of course, it will be tough, because the Red Bulls tend to pull out half a second in the third round of qualifying, but our pace is closer to theirs than it's ever been. ""Of all the weekends this year, this time I feel like we really do have the right package to challenge the fastest cars. I think we can fight for the front row."" The first practice session was dogged by unexpected rain on the track until the skies cleared and the driver's enjoyed a disruption-free second session. Webber was almost half a second slower than the British pacesetter and knows he will need to improve over the course of the weekend if he is to win his first title. A repeat of the Australian's fourth place in practice will require Alonso to finish ninth or lower in race for him to triumph. It was a decent start to the weekend for 23-year-old Vettel, who will more than likely need maximum points from Abu Dhabi to avoid the disappointment of finishing runner up for the second season running."
"London, England (CNN) -- TV talent show star Susan Boyle will sing for Pope Benedict XVI during his visit to Scotland next month, the Catholic Church in Scotland said Wednesday. A church spokesman said in June they were negotiating with the singing phenomenon to perform. Benedict is due to visit England and Scotland from September 16-19. Boyle will perform three times at Bellahouston Park in Glasgow on Thursday, Sept. 16, the Scottish Catholic Media Office said. She will also sing with the 800-strong choir at the open-air Mass there. In the pre-Mass program, Boyle plans to sing the hymn ""How Great Thou Art"" as well as her signature song, ""I Dreamed a Dream,"" the tune from the musical ""Les Miserables"" that shot her to fame in April 2009. ""To be able to sing for the pope is a great honor and something I've always dreamed of -- it's indescribable,"" Boyle, a Catholic, said in a statement. ""I think the 16th of September will stand out in my memory as something I've always wanted to do. I've always wanted to sing for His Holiness and I can't really put into words my happiness that this wish has come true at last."" Boyle said her late mother was at the same Glasgow park when Pope John Paul II visited in 1982. After the final hymn at the end of the Mass, Boyle will sing a farewell song to the pope as he leaves to go to the airport for his flight to London, the church said. The pope's visit will be the first state visit to the United Kingdom by a pontiff, according to the British Foreign Office. John Paul's trip in 1982 was officially a pastoral visit, while Benedict's is considered a papal visit. Highlights of Benedict's trip include a visit with Queen Elizabeth II at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, Scotland, a major speech at Parliament in London, and a Mass in Coventry, England, to beatify the 19th-century theologian and educationalist Cardinal John Henry Newman. Boyle wowed audiences and judges on the TV show ""Britain's Got Talent"" last year when she unexpectedly belted out the ""Les Miserables"" classic. The jaw-dropping performance earned her a string of global TV appearances, legions of fans, and a record deal. Though she was runner-up in the show's final, her debut album, ""I Dreamed a Dream,"" was a blockbuster, becoming the most pre-ordered CD in history on Amazon.com."
"(CNN) -- Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey said Thursday that three Occupy Denver activists have been charged with felonies -- including inciting a riot and second-degree assault on an officer. While Occupy Wall Street protests began in New York two months ago, the movement has spread to several other cities -- as have reports of activists clashing with police. Some of the most high-profile incidents have taken place in Denver, including two tied to the filing of felony charges. A pair of men who were arrested on Sunday were charged with felonies. The previous night, police in riot gear arrested 17 people as they cleared furniture and tents from an Occupy encampment near the city's civic center, police spokesman Sonny Jackson told CNN. The main issue, he said, was that the items were blocking a right of way. On Sunday afternoon, two police officers were injured when protesters became upset when police began removing a food table from a park. Some of the protesters surrounded a police car. One woman then pushed a Denver police officer, according to an earlier Denver police statement. She and a male who came to her aid were arrested. The district attorney's office announced Thursday that a 28-year-old man has been charged with two felony counts of inciting a riot and one misdemeanor count of obstruction for allegedly blocking a police car and and telling others to riot. He has two other cases pending from two different dates in October -- unlawful conduct on public property and unlawful sexual contact -- according to the press release. Another 30-year-old man was charged with a felony count of second-degree assault on a police officer -- as well as misdemeanor charges of obstruction, resisting arrest and engaging in a riot -- from the same day. The district attorney claimed this man grabbed a law enforcement officer from behind and tried to hit him and wrestle him to the ground. A third man, who is 26 years old, also was charged with second-degree assault of a police officer. That charge stems from an October 29 incident in which the man allegedly tried to use a stick to hit an officer who was trying to arrest him. That day, demonstrators tried to occupy the Colorado Capitol -- which is not allowed -- and officers pushed them back, police spokesman Matt Murray said at the time. Pepper spray and pepper-ball guns were used against demonstrators. The man charged, Sean Drigger, told CNN affiliate KUSA soon after the incident, ""All we're trying to do is have a peaceful protest and (the police) are attacking us."" CNN's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Re-elected German Chancellor Angela Merkel is eyeing a new coalition to replace the ""grand coalition"" her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party shared with the Social Democratic Party (SPD) in the previous parliament. Angela Merkel has pledged to be ""a Chancellor for all Germans"". If, as expected, Merkel forms a new coalition with the Free Democratic Party (FPD) it will have wide-reaching implications for Germans. The FPD are more economically liberal than Merkel's previous partner, the SPD. According to CNN's Fred Pleitgen, the FPD led by Guido Westerwelle will push for control of some key positions in the new government, including perhaps the finance ministry. Pleitgen believes that economic policy is likely to change dramatically. ""This means a whole lot more pro-business politics for Germany than in the past. You'll probably see tax cuts and it will probably mean smaller government than seen in the past four years,"" he said. Speaking at a post-election news conference on Monday, Merkel said that the result is an opportunity to build a smaller government. ""If one looks at the majority relationships, we will be dealing with a smaller partner, the FDP,"" she said. ""We are happy to use this chance in very difficult economic times to secure jobs, create new ones and drive growth more decisively."" Merkel also pledged to be ""a Chancellor for all Germans"". The election was disastrous for her rival, foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier and the SPD who saw their vote fall 10 percent from 34.2 percent in 2005 to 23 percent. The result is the SPD's worst result since World War II. The results leave the CDU as the strongest party in the German parliament with 27.3 percent of the popular vote -- slightly down on the 27.8 percent it achieved four years ago. Despite being the biggest party in the Bundestag, the vote marked one of the CDU's poorest showings in an election. But its traditional coalition with the Christian Social Union -- who won 6.5 percent of the vote -- means that the CDU/CSU bloc won 33.8 percent of the vote. The biggest winners on election night were the Free Democratic Party (FPD) whose share of the vote rose nearly five percent from 9.8 to 14.6 percent."
"(CNN) -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez, his first space flight, scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery, marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies. Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico. Hernandez, an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico, is getting plenty of attention at home and abroad for his journey from working the fields to operating some of the most advanced mechanics on the space shuttle. Mexican President Felipe Calderon called the 47-year-old astronaut over the weekend to congratulate him. A transcript of the entire conversation was promptly posted online by the Mexican government. Hernandez is also reaching out to fans through Twitter, where he posts updates under the name ""@Astro--Jose."" ""I come from a very humble family and what I would call a typical migrant farm working family,"" Hernandez said in a NASA interview. As a child, Hernandez's family split their time between Mexico and California, where they worked as migrant farm workers. During the school year his parents emphasized his education, but on the weekends Hernandez would help the family, he said in the interview, posted on the NASA Web site. Growing up in Stockton, California, it was Hernandez's job as the youngest child to hold up the rabbit ear antennas on the family's television set in order to get the best reception while everyone watched the Apollo missions. ""Now I kid around with my family saying that, you know, it was through osmosis that I became an astronaut because I was closest to the whole situation,"" Hernandez told NASA. The real catalyst for his dream to become an astronaut, however, came when Franklin Chang-Diaz, became the first Latin American astronaut in 1981. ""There was a lot of parallels and that's when I challenged myself. I said, ""Hey, if Franklin can do it, why can't I do it?"" Hernandez said in the interview. Hernandez earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical engineering, and before joining NASA worked on a number of high-tech projects, including an X-ray laser to be deployed in space, a digital mammography system and the disposal of excess nuclear material in Russia, his official biography states. According to NASA, there are nine Hispanics currently in the astronaut program, and 13 total in the program's history. Astronaut Danny Olivas, also of Mexican descent, will also fly on Discovery's upcoming 13-day mission. The scheduled launch of Discovery on Tuesday was scrubbed twice, once because of weather and then hours later because of of mechanical issues involving a drain valve. NASA did not announce a new launch schedule."
"(CNN)  -- Two-time defending champion Kim Clijsters has pulled out of this year's U.S. Open with a stomach muscle injury. The 28-year-old Belgian suffered the injury at the Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto last week and told the official WTA website that she would not be able to recover in time for the final grand slam of the season which starts on August 29 in New York. ""Two weeks of rehab was not enough to heal this injury. Obviously I'm very disappointed,"" she said. ""I trained very hard this summer and felt in a good shape to play the U.S. Open."" Clijsters, the world number three, has suffered an injury-hit year since claiming the Australian Open title back in January, her fourth grand slam crown. She missed most of the clay court season and then Wimbledon with an ankle injury and was hoping for better luck as she chased a fourth triumph at Flushing Meadows where she won in 2005, 2009 and 2010. The injury will also affect her end of season campaign and she acknowledged that she will need careful rehabilitation. ""Now there is nothing else I can do than to rest and have treatment every day. ""If a gradual approach is not taken, I will relapse in the same injury, and therefore I have also no other possibility than to withdraw from the tournaments in Tokyo and Beijing."" Clijsters' withdrawal is likely to leave Serena Williams as a warm favorite to add to her grand slam tally, but the American was herself forced out of the latest WTA event in Cincinnati through injury, but it is not thought serious. Meanwhile, Wimbledon runner-up Maria Sharapova eased into the semifinals of the tournament in Ohio Friday with a straight-sets victory over Samantha Stosur. Fourth seed Sharapova beat the 10th-seeded Australian 6-3 6-2 and next faces second seed Vera Zvonareva of Russia, who battled past unseeded Slovakian Daniela Hantuchova 6-3 7-6. Ninth seed Andrea Petkovic also reached the semifinals with a 7-5 6-1 win over Nadia Petrova. Petkovic will face 13th seed Jelena Jankovic, who went through when Shuai Peng withdrew before the start of their match with a hip injury."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Obama on Tuesday proposed making ""pay-as-you-go"" rules for federal spending into law. President Obama proposed Tuesday that the government adopt ""pay-as-you-go"" rules for federal spending. The so-called PAYGO proposal requires Congress to balance any increased spending by equal savings elsewhere, Obama said in announcing the measure that now goes to Congress. A previous PAYGO mandate helped erase federal budget deficits in the 1990s, and subsequent ineffective rules contributed to the current budget deficits, Obama said. Now the PAYGO rules should be the law, he said. ""Paying for what you spend is basic common sense,"" Obama said. ""Perhaps that's why, here in Washington, it's been so elusive."" Republican leaders said the proposal comes after record spending initiatives by the Obama administration, such as the $787 billion economic stimulus program. ""It seems a tad disingenuous for the president and Speaker [Nancy] Pelosi to talk about PAYGO rules after ramming trillions in spending through Congress proposing policies that create more debt in the first six months of this year than in the previous 220 years combined,"" said Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia, the House Minority Whip. However, a group of fiscally conservative Democratic representatives known as the Blue Dogs called Obama's proposal responsible and necessary. ""President Obama inherited an economy in free-fall and a $10.6 trillion national debt,"" said Rep. Jim Cooper of Tennessee, vice-chairman of the Blue Dog Budget and Financial Services Task Force. ""While short-term spending was necessary to get the economy moving again, our long-term fiscal problems became that much more urgent."" A White House statement said Obama's proposal calls for the Office of Management and Budget to maintain a ledger of the average 10-year budgetary effects of all legislation affecting mandatory spending or baseline tax levels. Any extra cost that lacks payment authorized by Congress would require the president to find money within the budget to pay it, while any tax cut would require a corresponding increase in tax revenue. Some costs would be exempt, including Medicare payments to doctors, the estate and gift tax, and tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2002, the White House statement said."
"(CNN) -- The driver of a Toyota Prius says he was taken on a wild ride Monday after the car's accelerator became stuck, reaching speeds in excess of 90 mph on a winding, hilly portion of a southern California interstate. It took the California Highway Patrol to bring the car safely to a stop. The driver, Jim Sikes, said he was traveling east on Interstate 8 outside of the San Diego area when he attempted to pass a slower vehicle. ""I pushed the gas pedal to pass a car, and it just did something kind of funny ... and it just stuck there,"" he said at a news conference outside a Highway Patrol office. ""As I was going, I was trying the brakes ... and it just kept speeding up."" Sikes said he called 911 for help, and dispatchers talked him through instructions on how he might be able to stop the car. But nothing worked. At one point, Sikes said he reached down to try to pull the accelerator up, but it ""stayed right where it was."" Alerted by emergency dispatchers, a California Highway Patrol officer was able to catch up to Sikes' Prius and used the patrol car's public address system to instruct Sikes to apply the brakes and the emergency brake at the same time. The tactic worked, and the car slowed to about 50 mph. Sikes said he was able to shut off the car, and it rolled to a stop. The responding officer, Todd Neibert, positioned his patrol car in front of the Prius as a precaution to prevent it from moving again. Toyota recently issued widespread recalls due to problems related to the accelerator pedal in several of its auto models. One theory behind the sticky accelerators is the vehicles' floor mats. But Sikes said ""my mat was perfect. There was nothing wrong with my mat."" Sikes said he took his 2008 Prius into a local Toyota dealership about two weeks ago for service and gave workers there his recall notice. He said he was told his car wasn't on the recall list. ""I'll be back there tomorrow,"" he said Monday, visibly shaken up. CHP spokesman Brian Pennings said the ordeal lasted just over 20 minutes. ""We are extremely thankful that there was a safe end to this,"" Pennings said. A Toyota spokesman issued a statement Monday night saying the automaker had been notified of the incident. ""Toyota has dispatched a field technical specialist to San Diego to investigate the report and offer assistance,"" the statement said."
"(CNN) -- A Dallas Cowboys scouting assistant suffered a broken back and has been permanently paralyzed after the collapse of the team's practice canopy during a heavy thunderstorm, the Cowboys announced Sunday. An aerial view of the scene shows the Dallas Cowboys logo amid the ruins of the indoor practice facility. Rich Behm, 33, was one of three Cowboys staffers seriously hurt when the storm struck their practice facility Saturday afternoon. Behm's spinal cord was severed by a fractured vertebrae, paralyzing him from the waist down, the team said in a written statement. ""To the Behm family, we extend our love, comfort and the full support of every person and resource within the organization,"" Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said. ""Rich is a courageous member of our family and someone for whom we care deeply. We ask for all friends and fans of the Dallas Cowboys to join us in embracing him and his family with their thoughts and prayers at this very difficult time,"" Jones said. A total of 12 people were hurt when a severe thunderstorm knocked down the air-supported, metal frame structure that covered the team's practice field. About 70 people, including more than two dozen of the team's rookies, were in the facility when it was blown down. Cowboys special teams coach Joe DeCamillis had a fractured cervical vertebra, while assistant trainer Greg Gaither had two broken bones in his leg, the team said.  Watch CNN's Don Lemon with update on conditions of those injured in collapse  . A line of heavy thunderstorms was moving through the Dallas area at the time, but no other damage to buildings was reported, said Mike Adams, a dispatcher for the Irving, Texas, Fire Department.  Watch the roof collapse on players, coaches  . Arnold Payne, a photographer for  WFAA, was shooting the Cowboys' practice session Saturday when rain began falling ""tremendously hard."" ""I noticed the walls started to waver ... and then I noticed that the lights that were hanging from the ceiling started to sway, and it wouldn't stop,"" Payne told CNN. Shortly after that, he said, ""It was as if someone took a stick pin and hit a balloon.""  Watch Payne describe being inside when structure collapsed  . Payne said  Cowboys staff photographers were up in the metal framework beneath the canopy to film the practice session and ""actually rode the building down with the storm."" ""There was nowhere for them to go, and it fell so fast -- it just collapsed as if it was being imploded,"" Payne said. CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- One thing Saudi people should not have to worry about is money. Oil money is paying for Saudi Arabia's growth but it is also the main cause of rising prices . The kingdom is awash in cash which keeps pouring into the world's largest oil producer as prices rise. Last year alone, Saudi is estimated to have raked in about $200 billion from oil. It is this influx of money which is paying for Saudi Arabia's economic growth -- but it is also the main cause of rising prices across the country. ""There is no free lunch. If you want to grow at that base, you have to swallow a price every once in a while in the form of high inflation,"" said Abdulrahman Al Harithi, CEO of investment bank, MENA Financial Group. Saudi people are certainly paying the price. Inflation is currently running at 9.6 percent -- a 30-year high. At the beginning of the year, rental costs went up nearly 17 percent. In March, the cost of fuel and water increased almost 16 percent and other everyday staples also saw double digit gains. The kingdom's business community is also concerned about the adverse effects of inflation. A recent survey of Saudi Arabia's business confidence by financial services company, SABB, found that while confidence remains robust, over half of respondents were concerned that inflation would lead to rising business costs. Prices in the kingdom will continue their upward trend, according to the analysts at SABB. What's more, there is not much the Saudi government can do to combat it. The riyal, like many other Gulf currencies, is pegged to the U.S. dollar and while the Gulf is booming, the U.S. is heading towards recession. As the economic fortunes of the two countries continue to diverge it is hard to see what can be done to combat inflation. The main problem is that whenever the U.S. Federal Reserve cuts interest rates, like it did this week, the kingdom must follow suit. In a booming economy like Saudi's, low interest rates push prices through the roof. The government is studying whether remedies like a minimum wage could ease the pain but some in the kingdom, like Al Harithi, say there is no quick solution. ""Honestly, I don't' think there is an answer for such a question. I don't think there is a magical formula that could fix this issue,"" he told CNN.  E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- Nazi war crimes suspect John Demjanjuk was deported to Germany on Monday evening after he was removed from his Cleveland, Ohio-area home in the presence of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers earlier in the day. German officials claim John Demjanjuk was an accessory to 29,000 murders in a Nazi death camp. An ambulance transported him to an airstrip at the Cleveland airport. The plane carrying Demjanjuk departed at 7:13 p.m. Demjanjuk, 89, is wanted by German authorities for his alleged involvement during World War II in killings at Sobibor, a Nazi death camp in Poland. His deportation closed a chapter in one of the longest-running pursuits of an alleged Holocaust perpetrator in history. It  also sets the stage for what likely will prove to be an extraordinary German war crimes trial. The Supreme Court last Thursday denied a stay of deportation for Demjanjuk. Justice John Paul Stevens without comment refused to intervene in the planned transfer from the United States. Federal courts have all rejected his appeals, and the order from Stevens cleared the way for the Justice Department to move ahead with the deportation. Demjanjuk's lawyers had asked the high court to consider their claims that he is too ill and frail to be sent overseas. They also raised human rights and other legal issues in their last-minute appeal. A German court last Wednesday had also ruled against a request for a stay. Officials in Berlin have issued an arrest warrant charging Demjanjuk with being an accessory to the murder of about 29,000 civilians at Sobibor in 1943. The native Ukrainian has long claimed he was a prisoner of war, not a death camp guard. Immigration officers previously entered Demjanjuk's Cleveland-area home April 14, and carried him out in his wheelchair to a waiting van. He was held for a few hours and then returned to his residence after a federal appeals court ruled temporarily in his favor. Demjanjuk had appealed unsuccessfully to the Supreme Court last year. He was once accused by the United States and Israel of being a notoriously brutal S.S. guard at the Treblinka camp known as ""Ivan the Terrible."" After appeals, that allegation was eventually dropped by both countries, but later other allegations were made against him. CNN's Terry Frieden and Bill Mears contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard and opposition leader Tony Abbott moved their only televised election debate so they wouldn't clash with the finale of ""MasterChef Australia"" Sunday -- but their switch forced Kylie Minogue to change her schedule. The politicians didn't want to go up against the cooking showdown, Australia's most popular program, so they started their debate an hour earlier than tradition dictates. That should have put them up against ""Dancing With the Stars,"" where Kylie was scheduled to make a guest appearance, Australia's Daily Telegraph reported. The Australian pop star is making her first round of appearances on television Down Under in a decade. Channel 7, the network that shows ""Dancing with the Stars,"" is known for its news coverage, so they had little choice but to cover the debate, the channel's head of programming told the Daily Telegraph. ""We didn't really have any option -- we're the number one for news and we have to cover the election debate live. It was a very short discussion,"" said the channel's head of programming, Tim Worner. That pushed Kylie's ""Dancing with the Stars"" show back an hour -- putting it into competition with ""MasterChef."" MasterChef attracted nearly 3 million viewers in last week's episode, Australian Associated Press reported. About 1.3 million people watched ""Dancing with the Stars"" last week, according to Worner. Gillard last week called an election for August 21. She ousted Kevin Rudd as leader of Australia's Labor Party, and prime minister, in June. Gillard was Rudd's deputy prime minister, but Labor Party members of Parliament voted her into the top job as Rudd's public approval declined. Conservative opposition leader Tony Abbott was quick to condemn Gillard's government when she called the election. ""The prime minister wants to move forward because the recent past is so littered with her own failures,"" he said. Gillard, a 48-year-old lawyer, said when she became prime minister that she was aware the move made her the nation's first woman in that position, ""and maybe the first redhead."" But, she said at the time, ""I didn't set out to crash my head on any glass ceilings; I set out to keep my feet on the floor."" Since taking over, she has established a sizable lead in public approval polls over opposition leader Abbott. A Herald/Nielsen poll released just before the election was called said 56 percent of those surveyed preferred Gillard as prime minister, while only 35 percent supported Abbott. CNN's John Raedler contributed to this report."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- At least 33 people were killed and 20 wounded in a suicide car bombing targeting a national reconciliation conference in Baghdad, an Interior Ministry official told CNN. Abu Ghraib attack victim in Yarmouk Hospital in Baghdad, Amjad Hameed . The attack -- which occurred outside the municipal building of Abu Ghraib in western Baghdad -- also wounded 46 others, the official said. The attacker was targeting the latest effort by the government to foster national reconciliation between religious and ethnic groups. Sunni Arab and Shiite tribal leaders were attending the meeting, backed by the Shiite-dominated Iraqi government. Another Interior Ministry official told CNN the attack occurred when people gathered outside as the conference in the building ended. Al-Baghdadiya TV said two of its journalists were killed in the explosion. An Iraqi journalists' group confirmed those deaths and said a number of journalists were also wounded. Along with meeting attendees and journalists, Iraqi soldiers were among the casualties. No one has claimed responsibility for the strike, but in the past, such gatherings have been targeted by al Qaeda in Iraq, the anti-American Sunni Arab militant group. Staffan de Mistura, special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Iraq, deplored the attack and passed along condolences to grieving families. He said the bombing targeted the tribal leaders after their meeting, and called the strike a ""horrible crime that is designed to sabotage reconciliatory efforts by the Iraqi people, who, I am confident, will continue on the road of dialogue."" The blast follows another huge attack on Sunday, when a man wearing an explosives-laden vest drove a motorcycle rigged with bombs into a group of police recruits in eastern Baghdad. That attack killed 30 people and wounded 61 others. Most of the victims of Sunday's strike were police officers and recruits who had gathered outside a police academy on Palestine Street. The same academy was targeted on December 1 in a double bombing that killed 16 and wounded 46. The violence came after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Saturday rallied sheikhs of the nation's tribes to participate in Iraq's government. It was the latest official effort to further reconciliation among Sunnis, Shiites and tribes of different sects and bring some former members of Saddam Hussein's Baath party into the political fold. After the invasion, the U.S.-led coalition decided to purge Iraqi institutions of Baathists, most of whom were Sunni Arabs. Al-Maliki, who is Shiite, has been criticized in the past by minority groups for not fairly representing Iraqi's ethnic groups. CNN's Yousif Bassil and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report."
"Port-au-Prince, Haiti (CNN) -- The nearly 100 children living at an orphanage in Carrefour, Haiti, are hungry and thirsty, and desperately waiting for aid, a member of the orphan's foundation told CNN on Saturday. All of the buildings of the Good Shepherd Orphanage, about eight miles from the capital of Port-au-Prince, were ""damaged beyond repair,"" including the dormitories, said David Zimmer, treasurer for the Good Shepherd Orphanage and Schools Foundation. Zimmer spoke to CNN from Hebron, Kentucky, but said he has been in communication with the head of the orphanage, Pastor Ernst Cassy, who has worked in Carrefour for 40 years. He has also received messages via e-mail from staff in Carrefour, Zimmer said. The news he and his wife have received is heart-wrenching: The roads are impassable, Cassy has run out of food and the well they used to collect drinking water was damaged in Tuesday's 7.0-magnitude quake. Get the latest developments in Haiti . About 40,000 homeless people have sought refuge in the streets. The electricity is out and so is the gas that powered the generators. On the night of the quake, moans and screams pierced the dark. ""If they don't get food and water there will be unrest like you can't believe,"" Zimmer said. The Good Shepherd Orphanage is just one of several crippled recently. Reports of pancaked orphanages stretch from Port-au-Prince to the southern coastal town of Jacmel. Are you in Haiti and safe? Share your photos . In the capital on Friday, chaos broke out at the Maison De Lumiere Orphanage after severe shortages of food, water and medicine sparked an outcry, said Mike Maiolo, senior pastor of the volunteers' home church in Mission Viejo, California. The building sustained heavy damage but no one was killed, he said. Many children who had parents on Tuesday morning, were orphans by that night. A doctor told CNN's Elizabeth Cohen on Friday that the number of orphans had tripled after the quake. Zimmer said he plans to fly into Port-au-Prince on Tuesday. View or add to CNN's database of missing persons in Haiti . CNN's Khadijah Rentas and Stan Wilson contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- Nearly 35 years after a Texas judge sentenced him to death, Ronald Chambers was found dead Monday morning on the floor of his cell. Guards found Chambers, 55, unresponsive around 6:30 a.m. while doing their rounds, Dallas County Sheriff Spokeswoman Kim Leach said. He was then transported to Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas, where he was pronounced dead. The Dallas County medical examiner's office said it would take six to 12 weeks before Chambers' cause of death could be definitively determined. But Leach said Chambers had many health complications when he came last year to the Dallas County jail. Chambers was 19 when he and Clarence Ray Williams kidnapped Mike McMahon and his date from the parking lot of a Dallas nightclub, then ordered them down the embankment of the Trinity River, according to the Texas Attorney General's Office. The two men robbed the couple and, after shooting at them, left them for dead. The female survivor, Deia Sutton, testified that she and her boyfriend survived the first attack, but Chambers went back and killed McMahan by repeatedly hitting him over the head with the barrel of a shotgun. On December 18, 1975, a jury found Chambers guilty of capital murder and a judge subsequently put him on the state's death row. The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals twice set aside his conviction -- once because he wasn't read his Miranda rights after being interviewed by a state psychiatrist -- but both times he was retried and convicted again. In 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court again granted Chambers a stay of execution, amid questions about the instructions given to the jury, the Dallas Observer reported. The case was sent back to Texas and a fourth sentencing trial was set for spring 2011, according to published reports. While numerous reports called Chambers the ""Dean of Death Row,"" because of the various legal maneuverings he didn't have a death sentence the entire time he was behind bars, including at the time of his death.  Excell White, who killed four people in 1974 and wasn't executed until 1999, spent more time -- 8,854 days -- on death row before being put to death than any other Texas convict. Texas, which has executed more prisoners since 1976 than any other state, pays $86.08 to execute a death row inmate, or the cost of drugs used in a lethal injection, the state's Division of Criminal Justice reports. That compares to the $17,338, on average, that it costs to jail a Texas inmate for 12 months, according to 2009 data from the National Institute of Corrections, which is below the national yearly average of $28,689."
"(CNN) -- German striking legend Miroslav Klose has signed a two-year contract with Italian side Lazio, following his failure to agree a new deal with Bayern Munich. The 33-year-old leaves the Bavarian giants after four years at the club, although he endured a disappointing season just gone, scoring just once after making most of his 20 appearances from the substitutes' bench. Klose, who is joint second with compatriot Gerd Mueller in the list of all-time World Cup scorers with 14 goals in three different tournaments, told reporters: ""I am looking forward to this new experience and want to help Lazio get back up the Serie A table."" Liverpool close to Henderson deal . Speaking about the transfer, Lazio sporting director Igli Tare told German channel Sport1: ""We hope he brings his skills to us and scores the goals to put Lazio back up where we belong, to be one of Europe's biggest clubs."" Klose, who has netted 61 goals in 109 appearances for Germany and is closing in on Mueller's all-time record of 68 goals, is keen to play in the finals of Euro 2012 and his move hias been welcomed by his national coach Joachim Loew. Loew told reporters: ""It's good for Miroslav if he plays at a club where he is used regularly again."" Klose made his debut for Germany in March 2001, in a 2-1 victory over Albania, and made his name at Kaiserslautern before joining Werder Bremen in 2004 and then Bayern in 2007. He helped Bayern win the German league and cup double in his first year at the club and helped them reclaim the league title in 2010, as well as reaching the final of the Champions League, where they lost to Inter Milan. Meanwhile, Liverpool have completed the biggest signing of the close season so far with the $33m capture of England international midfielder Jordan Henderson from Premier League rivals Sunderland. The 20-year-old has signed a long-term deal with the club and becomes manager Kenny Dalglish's third signing, followingon from Andy Carroll and Luis Suarez, since he returned for a second spell in charge at Anfield. Henderson told Liverpool's official website: ""Obviously it's hard to leave your local club. I'm a Sunderland lad, I've supported them all my life. ""But I'm really looking forward to the future now and obviously this is a massive opportunity for me. I'm really excited by it."""
"(CNN) -- Sudan's president was seen smiling, dancing and speaking to a huge crowd of supporters Thursday, a day after a warrant was issued for his arrest on war crimes charges. Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir waves to supporters in Khartoum on Wednesday. The display of defiance came as international aid agencies were being ordered to leave the country in retaliation for the move by the International Criminal Court over six years of bloodshed in the country's Darfur region. The streets of the capital, Khartoum, were filled with people who raised their hands in the air to cheer President Omar al-Bashir, who raised both fists defiantly in the air. The crowd was filled with posters and banners featuring al-Bashir's face or the flag of Sudan. The one banner written in English read, ""We are all with al-Bashir."" Al-Bashir gave a fervent speech to the crowd, denouncing the United States, its Western allies and Israel. At one point, the crowd repeated in English, ""Down, down, USA!"" Music before and after the speech got everyone moving, including the president, who smiled broadly and raised his walking stick in the air. A camouflaged helicopter swooped over the crowd. Angry but peaceful demonstrations took place in cities throughout Sudan on Wednesday after the warrant was announced, according to the United Nations. Government air and ground forces conducted what the United Nations called a ""show of force"" in parts of Darfur, where the situation was ""calm but unpredictable."" The International Criminal Court at The Hague, Netherlands, issued the warrant Wednesday for war crimes and crimes against humanity. It accuses al-Bashir of complicity in a campaign of violence against the people of Darfur, in the west of the country. The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in western Sudan's Darfur region, and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes. Sudan has angrily rejected the accusations and the indictment. Kamal Obaid, Sudan's state minister of information and communications, called the ICC a ""white man's tribunal"" and the arrest warrant ""an insult."" It has told as many as 10 humanitarian groups to leave the country, and seized the agencies' assets, U.N. deputy spokeswoman Marie Okabe said."
"(CNN) -- Mexican boxer Juan Manuel Marquez wants a third clash with Manny Pacquiao following Saturday night's successful defense of his WBA and WBO lightweight titles. The 37-year-old stopped Australia's Michael Katsidis on a technical knockout in the ninth round in Las Vegas to take his record to 52-5 with 38 KOs. The only draw of his career came against Pacquiao in 2004 when he retained his WBA and IBF featherweight titles, but he lost his WBC super featherweight belt in a controversial split decision to the Filipino in 2008. ""We know that Pacquiao has been avoiding us. We will put a lot of work into it, and a third fight is what the public wants to see,"" Marquez told reporters after beating Katsidis, whose brother Stathi -- a horse-racing jockey -- died last month. ""Yes he beat bigger fellows but they are all past their prime, while I beat younger and stronger boxers like Juan Diaz and Michael Katsidis."" However, one stumbling block to a rematch is that Marquez wants it at the weight limit of 140-142 pounds, while Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says he wants to fight at 147. ""I know he can make that weight as when he fought Margarito [this month], he was just 144 pounds. So if they insist in fighting at 147, like Freddie Roach has mentioned, they are again giving excuses."" However, Pacquiao doubts that the public wants to see him fight Marquez again, The Philippine Star reported on Sunday. ""Will they still watch it?"" Pacquiao said in Manila. The newspaper said Pacquiao's business manager Eric Pineda would accept the fight if Marquez promoted it. ""Manny thinks Marquez has a small fan base, that's why he doesn't want any hand in the promotion. All he wants is a guaranteed purse, and that Top Rank and MP Promotions won't be involved in the promotions. Then he will take the fight,"" Pineda said. Following his win over Antonio Margarito two weeks ago, Pacquiao has been linked with a bout against American veteran Shane Mosley, who he has yet to encounter. Pacquiao has this year juggled his political career with two successful fights, beating Joshua Clottey before stopping Margarito to become the first man to win world titles in eight weight categories."
"Rome, Italy (CNN) -- The Italian government said it would halt the construction of a controversial landfill near Naples, but the assurance was not enough for protesters who clashed with police Saturday night, injuring six police officers. Residents were protesting not only the building of a new landfill, but the conditions of an existing landfill, which they said pose an environmental and health hazard. Guido Bertolaso, the chief of Italy's civil protection agency, was named by the government to deal with the issue. He told reporters that the government would put the second landfill on hold and the current landfill will be analyzed for any dangers to people or natural resources. But protesters were wary of the government's word, and continued their demonstration. Some 500 protesters were blocking the road that leads to the landfill, though police estimated that only 20 or 30 people were involved in the clashes with police. Some speculated that those involved were not even involved in the protest, but were hooligans looking to start trouble. Protesters hurled rocks, firecrackers and Molotov cocktails at police. Bertolaso met Sunday with the mayors of the towns in the landfill area in Naples to restate the governments position. But the mayors have not agreed to Bertolaso's proposed compromise. Another meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday. ""We are going to continue these battles and I believe that we'll obtain what we want,"" said Domenico Auricchio, mayor of Terzigno. ""I only ask my citizens to have faith in the local institutions. We'll continue to battle to the end, but now I ask that these acts of vandalism stop because they don't bring any thing good to any one."" Another nearby mayor, Gennaro Langella of Boscoreale, said, ""Our citizens have asked for a bigger guarantee that a second landfill would not be open. It has not been possible to obtain that and therefore we don't think we can sign the document."" Despite the lack of agreement, Bertolaso said the government will move forward unilaterally with its proposals. He also said that garbage in Naples, which has been piling up on streets, will be cleared within four days. Last week, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi promised that ""within 10 days, the situation should be brought to normality."" He said the current landfill poses no risk to the residents."
"(CNN) -- South Africans gathered at a stadium Saturday for the funeral service of a woman considered the mother of the nation's liberation struggle. Albertina Sisulu, 92, died at her home last week. Crowds gathered at a football stadium in Soweto for the service, which follows a week of national mourning. Flags were flown at half mast in the nation and its overseas consulates during the mourning period. ""One of the most steadfast, dignified and disciplined pillars of our struggle has fallen,"" said South African President Jacob Zuma, who attended the funeral. ""An era has ended."" Sisulu was married to anti-apartheid leader Walter Sisulu, who was imprisoned for decades with former South African President Nelson Mandela. In his book, ""Long Walk to Freedom,"" Mandela says the couple's home was ""a mecca for activists"" during the fight against apartheid. ""It was a warm (and) welcoming place,"" he says, and describes her as having ""a wise and wonderful presence."" But the woman affectionately called ""Ma Sisulu"" was also an icon in her own right. She helped nurture a new generation of leaders in between detention periods that included a 1963 seizure by the apartheid government that led to a solitary confinement for weeks South African officials said, . Sisulu would take to the streets as soon as she was freed to rally against the trials of anti-apartheid movement leaders, the ruling African National Congress said in a statement. After her husband was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1964, she was banned from attending gatherings of more than two people and taking part in political activities, the ruling party said. In the 1960s, she faced various bans, including one confining her to her home at nights, weekends and public holidays, according to the party. Despite the setbacks, she continued with her quest for liberation. ""Although politics has given me a rough life, there is absolutely nothing I regret about what I have done and what has happened to me and my family,"" she has said. ""Instead, I have been strengthened and feel more of a woman than I would otherwise have felt if my life was different."" Zuma described the diminutive woman as a ""pillar of strength not only for her family, but also the entire liberation"" movement. ""She reared, counseled, nursed and educated most of the leaders and founders of the democratic South Africa,"" the president said in a statement. Sisulu founded the Federation of South African Women and other civic organizations. Her husband died in 2003."
(CNN) -- The outbreak of a gastrointestinal illness has spread to more passengers on a U.S. cruise ship, with nearly 450 falling sick while at sea, the cruise company said Tuesday. The Celebrity Cruises ship Mercury departed Charleston, South Carolina, February 15 and headed for the eastern Caribbean, according to a Celebrity Cruises statement. On the way, 419 of the 1,838 passengers fell ill, along with 27 of the 849 crew members, the cruise line said. The number of affected passengers increased from the 353 reported the day before. Their symptoms included upset stomach, vomiting and diarrhea, Celebrity Cruises spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez said. Guests who were in isolation while ill will receive compensation, she said. The sickened passengers and crew have been administered over-the-counter medicine and are responding well, Celebrity Cruises said. But it is still unclear how they became sick, Martinez said. Medical samples will be sent to a lab for testing Tuesday, she added. The ship's medical facility first started treating guests Sunday, Martinez said, and by Monday, hundreds of others were sick, too, Celebrity Cruises reported. A doctor and two nurses joined the cruise medical staff Monday to help with the overload of patients when the ship stopped in Tortola, British Virgin Islands, according to the statement. The ship does not return to Charleston until Friday and will be at sea until then, Martinez said. To control the outbreak, the crew has stepped up cleaning of the ship, which is advised by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention when an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness occurs. Norovirus commonly causes viral gastrointestinal illness outbreaks on cruise ships, the CDC says. It can spread from contact with contaminated food or drink, by touching objects infected by people who are already sickened, or through close contact with people who are infected, according to the CDC. So far this year, three gastrointestinal illness outbreaks have occurred on cruise ships that docked at a U.S. port, according to the CDC. Norovirus was the cause of two outbreaks on the Mercury in 2009, the CDC reported. The outbreaks reported and investigated by the CDC infected at least 3 percent of the people onboard the cruises carrying at least 100 passengers for anytime between three days to three weeks.
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Several hundred Sri Lankan Tamil protesters shouted slogans at the British Parliament for a second day Tuesday, urging it to act to end the ""genocide"" against their people in Sri Lanka. Police clash with Tamil protesters outside the Houses of Parliament. ""Stop the genocide!"" they shouted. ""Stop the war!"" They waved the red flag of Tamil Eelam, the Tamils' traditional homeland in northern and eastern Sri Lanka. The flag is emblazoned with a yellow roaring tiger. Most of the protesters slept overnight on the streets around Parliament Square after beginning their unauthorized protest Monday afternoon. At one point, the protesters blocked the street leading to Westminster Bridge over the River Thames, police said. That led to road closures around Parliament. By Tuesday morning, a solid ring of police had hemmed the protesters in Parliament Square across the street from the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben. Roads were open again, but the protest and police presence caused traffic congestion in the area. Hariram Shan, 24, is a Sri Lankan Tamil who said he has lived in Britain for six years. He said the protesters hope the British government will intervene to stop Sri Lanka's crackdown on Tamil Tiger rebels, which he said harms civilians. ""They can force economic sanctions,"" Shan told CNN. Dushyanthy Sukumar, 47, said the Sri Lankan government is retaliating against innocent civilians. ""The Sri Lankan government has now cornered the rebels, the LTTE (Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam), and what they are doing is killing the people,"" she said. Sukumar, who said she has lived in Britain since leaving her homeland in 1987, said she is angry at the British government for supporting Sri Lanka. ""The Sri Lankan government is doing their dirty work through this government,"" she said. The Sri Lankan military said Sunday that it had captured the last rebel stronghold and killed five rebel leaders after three days of gunbattles. It said more rebels could still be hiding in a 20-square-kilometer ""safety zone,"" but that it would not enter the area because it is home to some 50,000 people. The Tamil Tigers have fought since 1983 for an independent homeland for the country's ethnic Tamil minority. The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead."
"(CNN) -- Big Ben, arguably the world's most famous clock, celebrates on Sunday 150 years of keeping London on time. The British landmark has lived through war, bad weather and disasters. Big Ben's distinctive bongs have been a part of the London scene for 150 years. Big Ben is the 14-ton bell inside the world's largest four-faced chiming clock, although most people use the name to describe the tower that houses it. The clock is perched on a 96-meter (310-foot) elegant tower at the Westminster Bridge end of the Palace of Westminster. The Victorian masterpiece, which provides distinctive chimes known as bongs, was voted Britain's favorite monument in 2008. It has been featured in films such as ""101 Dalmatians"" and ""Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix."" Big Ben has been disrupted a few times over the years for various reasons, including weather and breakages. Its bongs went silent for about two months in August 2007 to allow a crew to repair its mechanism system. During that time, the rest of the clock was running on an electric system. It was fully restarted again October 1. The clock pays tribute to Britain's royal history: It has a Latin inscription of the phrase: ""O Lord, save our Queen Victoria the First."" The ornate masterpiece has some quirky features. The hour hand, which weighs 300 kilograms (661 pounds), is made of gun metal while the minute hands are made of copper sheet. The minute hands would not work when they were first made of cast iron because they were too heavy. The clock started working on May 31, 1859, after the lighter copper hands were installed. The origins of the landmark's name are obscure. Some say it was named after the 1850s heavyweight boxer Ben Caunt while others suggest it was named after Sir Benjamin Hall, a former member of parliament. Hall, the commissioner of works in 1859, was responsible for ordering the bell. Alan Hughes, the director of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry that made the bell, prefers the latter. ""I suppose I like it chiefly because it was a nickname of a man who was big and loud and pompous, and never used one word if 27 would do,"" he said in a 2008 interview. Hughes' company also made America's Liberty Bell and a number of others for cathedrals and churches around the world."
Paris, France (CNN) -- Two members of the French national soccer team, Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema, were being questioned by French police Tuesday in connection with an alleged underage prostitution ring, French police said. Ribery, who also plays for German team Bayern Munich, and Benzema, who plays for Spanish side Real Madrid, were being questioned by a police brigade that specializes in surveillance of prostitution. The case emerged earlier this year after police raided a night club near the Champs Elysees in Paris and detained 18 girls on suspicion of prostitution. One of the girls, Zahia Dehar, appeared on the cover of Paris Match in April and told the magazine she had sexual relations with several players on the national team, including Ribery, whom she had met at the club. She said in the interview she hadn't told them she was younger than 18 at the time. In an initial court hearing on the case, Ribery admitted he had sex with Dehar but insisted he did not know she was a minor. Benzema has made no public comment. Neither of the players spoke to reporters Tuesday. A lawyer for Ribery said outside the police station where the players were questioned that her client had done nothing wrong, and that he would have had to have known the girl's real age in order for it to be an intentional offense. The questioning adds to a disastrous summer for the French national squad, which crashed out of the World Cup in the first round following two draws and a defeat that left them at the bottom of their group of teams. It was an embarrassing exit for the team that had reached the final of the last World Cup, in 2006. Forward Nicolas Anelka was sent home from the tournament after an argument with coach Raymond Domenech, causing the rest of the French players to refuse to show up for training. French team director Jean-Louis Valentin publicly announced his resignation to the media, and team captain Patrice Evra -- who had publicly argued with the team's fitness coach during training -- was omitted from the team's match with South Africa. Once the team arrived back in France, striker Thierry Henry spoke to French President Nicolas Sarkozy, and French lawmakers grilled outgoing coach Domenech about the events.
"(CNN) -- Serena Williams will return to competitive tennis after nearly a year on the sidelines in the WTA tournament at Eastbourne, which starts Saturday. The former world number one has endured a torrid time since being sidelined with a foot injury after winning her fourth Wimbledon crown last July. Several aborted attempts at a comeback were followed by a major health scare in February as she suffered a blood clot on her lung. It led to speculation that her glittering career could be over, but Williams has recovered to take her place as a wild card in the grass court event at the south coast of England resort. ""I am so excited to be healthy enough to compete again,"" she told the tournament's official website. ""These past twelve months have been extremely tough and character building. I have so much to be grateful for. I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support. Serena's back!"" Serena will be joined in the traditional pre-Wimbledon warm-up tournament by her older sister Venus, who is also returning to action after an extended injury layoff. Venus has been sidelined since injuring her hip at the Australian Open in January. They will take their place in a top-class line-up which has 13 of the top 20 players in the WTA world rankings, including new French Open champion Li Na of China. 13-time grand slam champion Serena returned to practice in April, but decided against returning for the second grand slam season of the season in Paris. Eastbourne tournament director Gavin Fletcher said she would be guaranteed a warm welcome at their event. ""Eastbourne has always had a huge soft spot for Serena, and people here will be absolutely thrilled that she's back playing world class tennis,"" he said. The 29-year-old has slipped to No.25 in the world rankings in her absence but should she come through Eastbourne unscathed, Wimbledon organizers could seed her higher due to previous performances on grass. Meanwhile, top seed Roger Federer has pulled out of this week's grass court tournament in Halle, Germany. Federer, beaten in the final of the French Open Sunday by Rafael Nadal, was due to play Australian Lleyton Hewitt in the first round but did not want to risk a groin injury ahead of his Wimbledon challenge. Hewitt, who beat Federer in last year's final at Halle, will now play a lucky loser in the first round."
"Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- No matter what daily newspaper you picked up in Pakistan on Thursday, the headline was on the fallout from the WikiLeaks cables. ""WikiLeaks throws tons of dirt, shame on Pak players,"" read the front page of the English daily The News. The headline on Dawn news said: ""WikiLeaks bombs rock Islamabad."" Pakistani newspapers devoted much of their coverage to the leaked cables that revealed intense mistrust between Washington and Islamabad and deep rifts among Pakistan's most powerful figures, whose statements behind closed doors didn't always match what they said in public. ""These intimate details reveal that relations between Pakistan and the US on the one hand and between top politicians of the country on the other hand are based on total hypocrisy and shamelessness and no one is sincere to any one, neither can anyone be trusted, whether speaking publicly or privately,"" read a column in The News. A column in Dawn news said this: ""That the former top American diplomat in Pakistan thinks the US policy towards this country risks destabilizing` the Pakistani state is, quite frankly, extraordinary. It goes to the heart of the tensions between the two countries, where Pakistan has, sometimes legitimately, though often unfairly, been labeled as a duplicitous and unreliable partner."" ""With such leadership, both political and military, Pakistan's future is really bleak. Whom should we trust? Who is free from the US influence? Can we become a sovereign nation? Can we take our own decisions? Why do we have more faith in Washington than in God?"" read another column in The News. If Pakistanis ran out of columns to read about the leaked cables, there was plenty of television to watch. Coverage of the WikiLeaks dumps dominated Pakistan's dozens of news channels where anchors unleashed sneers and jeers. ""What kind of a democratic government is this where all the decisions are made by either the US or the military?"" asked anchor Meher Bukhari on her show on Urdu language Samaa TV. On his show on GEO TV, Pakistan's most well known TV anchor Hamid Mir said: ""Look at our military chief General Kayani. He seems to be the top politician in the country."" Azhar Abbas, the managing director of Karachi based GEO News, told CNN the leaked cables didn't reveal anything Pakistanis didn't know. It was the backroom details that made it good TV, he said. ""It's a good, juicy story. Everyone loves conspiracy theories in Pakistan and they love to know what's happening behind close doors."""
"(CNN) -- Three New Jersey teenagers who allegedly videotaped the beating death of an immigrant from El Salvador and showed the recording to friends have been charged with the man's murder, authorities said. Khayri Williams-Clark, 18; Nigel Dumas, 19; and an unidentified 17-year-old minor were all charged with the murder of Abelino Mazariego, 47, the Union County Prosecutor's Office said in a statement Tuesday. Williams-Clark is being held on $100,000 bail and Dumas is being held on $250,000, authorities said. The minor is being kept in a juvenile detention center, the prosecutor's office said. The fatal beating occurred on the evening of Sunday, July 17, the prosecutor's office said. According to investigators, Mazariego was sitting on a bench in an upscale neighborhood park area in Summit, New Jersey, when he was approached by the teenagers. The three allegedly attacked Mazariego and recorded the assault with a cell phone camera. ""Without getting into too much detail, it was videotaped and showed amongst teenagers in town,"" spokesman John Holl of the Union County Prosecutor's Office told CNN. ""There were people in town who heard about it, who saw it and that was reported to officers."" The beating appears to have been unprovoked, the prosecutor's statement said. Mazariego was taken to Overlook Hospital in Summit, but he never regained consciousness and died July 19. The Union County medical examiner determined the death was due to brain injuries sustained in the assault, the prosecutor's office said. Residents of Summit are invited to attend a peace and reconciliation service Wednesday evening, according to the city's website. Participants will gather at city hall and walk to the site where Mazariego was attacked, where they will leave flowers. ""Summit is a community that neither expects nor will ever accept violence against any of its citizens, and the murder of this hard-working father and husband is a tragedy that is deeply felt throughout the community,"" a statement on the website said. Meanwhile, a registered nurse at Overlook Hospital has been charged with theft after allegedly stealing several hundred dollars from Mazariego while he was being treated in the emergency room, the prosecutor's statement said. ""The night of the attack coincided with Mazariego's regular payday and family members informed police that roughly $640 was missing from his wallet,"" the prosecutor's office said. ""An investigation was launched by Summit police that led them to"" nurse Stephan Randolph, 39."
(CNN) -- No longer able to fit into a booth at a restaurant and too embarrassed to ask for seatbelt extensions on an airplane, Maggie Sorrells was desperate to lose weight. Maggie Sorrells lost 300 pounds and went from wearing a size  5X or 64 in men's clothing to a size 6. The day she stepped on a hospital scale and realized she weighed 440 pounds she knew she had to do something.  Name: Maggie Sorrells Age: 32 Hometown: Franklin, Tennessee Occupation: Receptionist in doctor's office Height: 5 feet 6 inches Heaviest weight: 440 pounds Current weight: 140 pounds Pounds lost: 300 pounds  Defining moment The moment I saw that I weighed as much as I did, it scared me, and I knew I had to do something about it.    How did you finally lose the weight? Diet: Weigh Down Workshop, a faith-based weight loss program. I ate whatever I craved, but only when I was truly hungry, and then I ate a lot slower, so I could tell when to stop. Exercise: Nothing out of the ordinary, occasionally I'd go for a walk, but never because I felt like I had to. How long did it take you to lose weight? Four years with two pregnancies within the same time period. One month after I lost 300 pounds, I became pregnant for the third time with my son. How has this changed your life? Drastically, the way I eat, the way I live my life. I am able to move better. I feel better emotionally and physically. I'm just a much happier person. I love to hike and I could never go when I was big. I almost killed myself going a half-mile. My chest would hurt and I would think I was having a heart attack. Just after we had our daughter, we went hiking all day and climbed rocks. I also love the beach. I'm no longer ashamed to go to the beach or wear a bathing suit. Do you have any tips for other people who want to lose weight? Yes, don't think about how much weight you have to lose because you'll get overwhelmed and discouraged. Set small goals, like 15 pounds. There were times I wanted to give up and there were days I felt like I couldn't do this. Food was my drug. Take [weight loss] in small increments because when you lose 15 pounds you'll be excited and before you know it you'll lose 50.
"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- The top court in Iraq sentenced two of Saddam Hussein's half-brothers to death Wednesday for crimes against humanity. Tariq Aziz, seen in 2002, was sentenced Wednesday to 15 years in jail for crimes against humanity. The court also sentenced former Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz and a former senior official known as ""Chemical Ali"" -- Ali Hassan al-Majeed -- to 15 years in custody for crimes against humanity, an official with the Iraq High Tribunal told CNN. The men were sentenced for their roles in the 1992 execution of 42 merchants. In an unrelated trial last week, Al-Majeed was sentenced to death for his role in putting down an uprising in Baghdad a decade ago, Iraqi state TV reported. It was the third death sentence for al-Majeed, a cousin of Hussein, the former dictator of Iraq who was toppled from power by the U.S.-led coalition in 2003. Al-Majeed and other former members of Hussein's regime remain in U.S. custody. His execution has been delayed for political rather than legal reasons. In last week's trial, Aziz was acquitted.  Aziz, one of the best-known faces of the Hussein regime, was Iraq's deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 and also served as minister of foreign affairs for part of that time.  He was captured by U.S. forces in April 2003, shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq. Meanwhile, car bombs in the northern Iraqi cities of Mosul and Kirkuk killed six people on Wednesday, officials told CNN. The Mosul car bomb, which targeted troops, killed four people and wounded 14 others, an Interior Ministry official said. The car, parked near the city's medical college, blew up near an Iraqi army patrol. Of the dead, three were soldiers. Four other soldiers were among those wounded. Mosul, which has long been a volatile city, has had a strong militant presence. In Kirkuk, a parked car bomb exploded near a police patrol, killing two civilians and wounding seven others. The oil-rich and ethnically diverse city is known for sectarian and political tension. People were injured in wo other incidents in Iraq on Wednesday. In Baghdad, mortar fire in a residential area wounded four civilians. And a roadside bomb in the largely Kurdish town of Jalawla in Diyala province wounded four police officers. CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this story ."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Italian football manager Carlo Ancelotti has gone from Milan to London in less than a day. Carlo Ancelotti will take over as manager of Chelsea from July 1 this year. Just 24 hours after resigning from his highly-successful eight-year stint at Italy's AC Milan, he has been announced as the new manager of English Premier League club Chelsea -- replacing temporary manager Guus Hiddink. Chelsea, who won the FA Cup at the weekend, were looking for a permanent manager for the start of next season -- and Ancelotti has been signed on a three-year deal to the west-London club. A statement on Chelsea's web site read: ""Carlo was the outstanding candidate for the job. He has proved over a long period his ability to build teams that challenged for, and have been successful in, major domestic and European competitions."" Ancelotti, who turns 50 next week, has been in management since 1995, when he took charge of Italian Serie B club Reggiana. Although he only spent one season at Reggiana, he managed to earn them promotion to the top-flight Serie A league. Since then he has managed Parma and Juventus, before taking on the San Siro-based giants AC Milan. Is Ancelotti's appointment the right move for Chelsea? Tell us in the Sound Off box below. As a manager he has enjoyed plenty of success, particularly in his time at the Rossoneri. He steered Milan to the Coppa Italia in 2003, the Serie A title in 2003--04, the UEFA Champions League in both 2002--03 and 2006--07, the UEFA Super Cup in 2003 and 2007 and the FIFA Club World Cup crown in 2007. Before entering management, Ancelotti had a significant playing career as a midfielder with AS Roma and AC Milan. During his time at both clubs he amassed three Serie A titles, two European Cups, and he also won the Coppa Italia four times with Roma. He is one of only six people to ever win the Champions League as both a player and manager -- a list which includes current Barcelona manager and this year's winner, Josep Guardiola. Ancelotti also represented Italy on 26 occasions, scoring once. He played in the 1986 and 1990 World Cups alongside players such as Roberto Mancini and the recently-retired Paolo Maldini. Despite his management success at AC Milan, it has been widely reported that his relationship with the club's owner, Silvio Berlusconi, has not been strong in 2009. He takes over at Chelsea as the permanent replacement for Luiz Felipe Scolari, although Guus Hiddink has been in charge since Scolari was sacked from Stamford Bridge in February."
"(CNN) -- A Saudi court that sentenced a journalist to 60 lashes for her work on a controversial television show has summoned a second woman affiliated with the TV station. The Saudi information ministry said Sunday that a Jeddah court has asked the second journalist to appear because of her work as a coordinator with the Lebanese Broadcasting Corp. The woman was set to appear on Monday, but the hearing has been postponed because she is ill, said a ministry official, who could not be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media. The show in question, ""A Thick Red Line,"" explores social taboos. In one episode, a Saudi man, Mazen Abdul Jawad, bragged about his sex life. Saudi authorities put him on trial and sentenced him to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes. Soon afterward, the court sentenced journalist Rosanna Al-Yami who worked as a coordinator and guest-booker for the show. In addition to the 60 lashes, Al-Yami is banned for two years from traveling outside Saudi Arabia. While the charges against her include involvement in preparing the program, she was not involved in setting up the episode in which Abdul Jawad appeared, said his lawyer Suleiman Al-Jumeii. Al-Jumeii said that Al-Yami has opted not to appeal the court's verdict. Al-Jumeii doesn't represent the journalist, but said he is keeping tabs on cases dealing with ""A Thick Red Line."" The lawyer is attempting to pursue an appeal for his client and get his case heard in a special court that only deals with media matters. CNN has attempted to get comments from Al-Yami and her attorney. Abdul Jawad, 32, an airline employee and divorced father of four, spoke openly on the show about his sexual escapades, his love of sex and losing his virginity at age 14. That episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia, where sharia, or Islamic law, is practiced. Pre-marital sex is illegal, and unrelated men and women are not permitted to mingle. Saudi authorities shut down LBC offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after the interview aired a few months ago. Abdul Jawad was arrested shortly after the program aired and charged with violating Saudi Arabia's crime of publicizing vice."
"(CNN)  -- We are often asked to declare our identity for documents, applications, bank loans and even social networking sites. But how much of our identity is lost when we select ""female,"" ""African-American"" or ""Muslim?"" I think much of my own identity is lost when I fill in those boxes. I am technically a white, male, heterosexual, Christian, upper-class Ph.D. student. But I am more than meets the eye. I'm covered in tattoos and piercings, and this often leads to assumptions about my character. ""Is he a drug addict? Is he a skinhead? Does he play music for a band?"" I am none of these things. The lesson I hope to teach others through my life is that it's important to see past appearances. My sociopolitical views are a large part of my identity, and I incorporate these into what I wear; whether it's T-shirts emblazoned with the images of activists whom I admire or deliberately manipulating my demeanor to reflect the ""professorial"" role I assume in the classroom, I am continually aware that others are reading my presentation as a measure of my character. And it is to this end that I deliberately try to throw people off. I hope to debunk some of the myths surrounding tattoos and piercings. And I know that everyone who interacts with me is left wondering how someone so ""deviant-looking"" can be kind, courteous and hospitable. My body is also a billboard for my life, and my tattoos tell the story of my identity. My earliest tattoos were direct quotes and Bible verses and captured my identity as an outspoken social-justice advocate. I began to display my political views more directly in later tattoos. I have the ""female"" sign behind my left ear to reflect my commitment to feminism and women everywhere; I have the Human Rights Campaign logo behind my right ear to reflect my commitment to LGBT struggles. The tattoos on my arms capture my commitment to ""faith,"" ""family"" and ""mom and dad."" I also have a bald eagle on my forearm to reflect my commitment to making this country a better place and a skull wearing a graduation cap to reflect my lifelong commitment to teaching. I know that my appearance is misleading, and I know that many people would disagree with what I see as efficacious inscriptions. But one thing is for certain: I will not blend in with the crowd. I will be noticed, for better or worse. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Paul Strohecker."
"(CNN) -- A Southern California teenager has serious bragging rights: After docking back in his home state late Thursday morning, Zac Sunderland, 17, can claim to be the youngest person to sail around the world alone. The hardest part of a solo voyage is always being tired, Zac Sunderland says. Sunderland was greeted with thunderous applause and congratulations as he arrived at Marina del Rey in his 36-foot sailboat. ""It's kind of crazy to have it done now because, I mean, for the past year I've been just fighting for the next ocean, fighting to get back. And now I'm back so it's amazing,"" he said. The teen acknowledged the 27,500-mile voyage wasn't easy. He told CNN that pirates off the coast of Indonesia gave him quite a scare. ""[I] had a boat circle in and ended up calling in the coast watch and they chased them off but, yeah, [I] lucked out there! About an hour and a half of hell."" Severe storms also were a problem, he said. Sunderland's Web site says he bought the boat with his own money. His parents had hoped he would find something that would spark a fire in him, a passion that would direct him away from all the negative and harmful influences that are so prevalent in society, but even they were stunned by the scope of his dreams and desires, it says.  Watch Sunderland give advice to fellow teens  . He was 16 when he left Marina del Rey on June 14, 2008, aboard his boat, Intrepid. Solitude and exhaustion were just a couple of factors that faced him each day. ""The hardest constantly was the tiredness,"" he said. ""I mean, you get over the loneliness, but tiredness, it's an ongoing thing. Half the time I haven't slept in 48 hours and it's just hard to get enough rest."" Sunderland said he made some good contacts along the way. ""It's interesting just thinking back to the different places in the world because I have so many friends in different parts of the world that are like family, you know, and all these different experiences,"" he said. ""It's an amazing year. It seems like yesterday that I was here but in other ways it seems like a hundred years."" So what's next? ""Yeah, I don't know, just go chill with my friends,"" he said. ""Go skate. Go do something normal for a change, you know."" CNN's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Home favorite Rafael Nadal was watched by a galaxy of football stars as he reached the third round of the Madrid Open with a straight sets win over Ukrainian qualifier Oleksandr Dolgopolov on Wednesday. Real Madrid stars past and present Cristiano Ronaldo, Raul and Zinedine Zidane were courtside at the Caja Magica to see the world number three battle to a 6-4 6-3 win. The second seed, who did not have things all his own way against Dolgopolov, will now face giant U.S. star John Isner, who struggled past Colombian qualifier Santiago Giraldo 1-6 7-6 6-3. Nadal is playing on home clay in his final tournament before the French Open where he hopes to regain the title, won last year by Roger Federer and claim his fifth grand slam triumph at Roland Garros. Earlier, world number five Andy Roddick's preparations for the second grand slam of the year suffered a setback as he was forced to pull out of his match against Spain's Feliciano Lopez with a nasty stomach bug. ""I got here, and then on Sunday night through Monday evening I was up with a stomach virus. I was up for 24 hours vomiting, sweating, the whole deal, "" Roddick told the official ATP Tour Web site. Roddick has not played since winning the Miami Masters last month and said the illness had come at just the wrong time. ""It's very bad timing. I would've taken this virus any time in the last five weeks instead of now, but I guess that's the way it goes sometimes,"" he said. ""Playing well in Paris isn't totally out of the question, it's just going to be a little tough,"" he added. In the evening session, Britain's Andy Murray, seeded third showed improved form on clay with a 6-3 6-3 win over Juan Ignacio Chela, his fourth straight win over the Argentine. ""I was pleased with the win,"" said Murray. ""I served well and was able to move him around the court."" Meanwhile, Munich Open winner Mikhail Youzhny made an early exit to Latvian Ernest Gulbis 7-6 6-4 and 15th seed Stanislas Wawrinka set up a third-round showdown with world number one and Swiss compatriot Roger Federer after beating Leonardo Mayer, who was down 6-4 4-2 when he retired."
"Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The guard who killed the half-brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai, had for years worked with International Security Assistance Forces against Taliban militants, according to three local officials with direct knowledge of the dealings. Sardar Mohammed, who authorities say shot and killed Kandahar's provincial council chief Ahmed Wali Karzai, received training from ISAF and participated in intelligence gathering against militants across the region, according to Besmellah Afghanmal, a provincial council member with close ties to the Karzai family. He ""was one of the trusted commanders for the Karzais,"" Afghanmal told CNN. ""Sardar Mohammad was working with American Special Forces closely and he was participating in many operations with American Special forces against the Taliban in (the) south."" Others, like provincial parliament member Hashim Watanwal, say Mohammad had worked with both U.S. and Canadian forces in Kandahar -- an ethnically Pashtun dominated region long-considered the Taliban heartland. Baz Mohammed, a Kandahar tribal elder with close connections to the Karzai clan, said the guard was ""a trustworthy person"" who collaborated regularly with ISAF in Kandahar. An ISAF spokeswoman declined to comment on the claims. Though suspected of corruption and opium dealing, Wali Karzai was considered a major power-broker in Afghanistan's restive south and a bulwark for his brother against the Taliban militancy. His death Tuesday sent shock-waves across Afghanistan's political landscape, and prompted President Karzai to weep as mourners gathered for his half-brother's burial the following day. Saidkhan Khakrezwal, a member of the Kandahar provincial council, said he and others were with Wali Karzai when the guard came into the room and asked to talk to him. The guard took ""Wali to another room and shoots him with a pistol that he had in his hand,"" Khakrezwal said. Local authorities say the shooter was then shot dead by other guards. The Taliban soon claimed responsibility for the shooting, saying Mohammed had been working for them. It is not clear whether the guard had been a member of a Taliban sleeper cell or if the killing was motivated by some other factor. On Thursday, in a brazen strike illustrating the power and reach of Afghan militants, a suicide bomber slipped into a Kandahar mosque and killed at least six people, wounding 15 others. The attack occurred as several high-ranking Afghan officials gathered to remember Wali Karzai. CNN's Faizel Reshad contributed to this report ."
"Santiago, Chile (CNN) -- Chile marks three days of mourning starting Sunday, with every house authorized to hang the national flag in memory of those who perished in a massive earthquake a week ago. Hundreds of people died when the 8.8-magnitude earthquake struck on February 27. It also triggered a tsunami that toppled buildings, particularly in the Maule region along the coast. The death toll was lowered Thursday as authorities reviewed discrepancies in the reported number of victims in the Maule region. To limit confusion, Deputy Interior Minister Patricio Rosende read aloud the names of 279 Chileans whose bodies had been identified by Thursday evening. The new tally does not account for hundreds of unidentified victims. Full coverage of Chile earthquake, aftermath . ""It takes months sometimes to compile the information, because one of the biggest problems in the affected areas is the lack of precision and uncertainty at the scene,"" Rosende said. Aid poured in for Chile from home and overseas, with a local television station hoping to raise $27 million by Saturday night and the United Nations pledging money toward recovery efforts. ""Chile Helps Chile,"" a telethon that started Friday, ran until Saturday night. It was unclear whether it had reached its goal early Sunday. United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon pledged up to $10 million for relief and recovery efforts during a two-day visit that included a visit with Chilean President Michelle Bachelet. ""I am visiting this city with a deep sadness,"" Ban said Saturday in Concepcion. ""Standing before this destruction, I can feel for your loss, your struggle."" Shocking scenes hours after quake . Ban also announced a team effort between U.N. agencies and the Chilean government to determine the priority areas for funds, with emphasis on health, shelters, education and water. The secretary-general plans to bring the matter in front of the United Nations on his return. The Chilean government has asked the United Nations for items such as field hospitals with surgical facilities, dialysis centers, generators, saltwater purifying systems, mobile bridges and field kitchens. The United States has also sent in help, including 71 satellite phones and mobile water treatment units, the State Department said. Six more water treatment units are to arrive within a week. A field hospital and two C-130 aircraft to assist with moving supplies around the country have also been deployed. The United States also sent $1 million to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies to aid their efforts."
"(CNN) -- Country music artist Taylor Swift has told CNN she never dreamed she would shoot to stardom so quickly. At just 19 years old, she is one of the most successful recording artists of the decade in the United States. Her album ""Fearless"" is certified quadruple platinum, and her 60-date tour of the U.S., UK and Australia sold out in minutes. Talking to CNN's Becky Anderson, she said: ""I think for me the most satisfying thing is going out with my first headlining tour and having every show sell out. That was something that I never dreamed would be so quick to happen. ""Putting Madison Square Garden on sale and having it be sold out in 59 seconds. Like I can't believe that. I'm still completely blown away by that. ""And I think my parents are most proud of the moment when where we were all sitting in the crowd at the CMA Awards and they heard my name announced as entertainer of the year. ""I think my parents cried more for that moment than any other moment."" She has had two number one albums in the Billboard Charts, and in 2009, Swift became the first country music artist ever to win an MTV Video Music Award. Asked what she would have thought had someone told her 10 years ago that she would be famous by the age of 18, she said: ""I thought I was going to do what my parents did. They went to college. They went into business and I loved music and I never imagined that I would actually get to do that as a job. It's wonderful."" Asked why it is that her songs are considered country music, she said: ""I think that what categorizes country music, to me, in my head. I think a country song is when you are singing about being proud of your life. ""I sing about love and boys and that's my life. So that's what fascinates me, feelings, and so I think if you are singing and writing songs about the way that you live your life, that's a country song."" On reports that she is dating teen heartthrob Taylor Lautner, Swift said: ""He's a great guy and we're really close."" But she refused to be drawn on her thoughts about Kanye West, who cut her off as she accepted the award for Best Female Song at the MTV Music Video Awards ceremony. ""I just haven't really changed my mind and that I don't like to talk about it,"" she said."
"(CNN) -- McLaren have officially unveiled the car they hope will rocket Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button into the Formula One title reckoning in 2011. The team's English drivers were on hand as their new MP4-26 car was assembled part-by-part with the help of competition winners in the center of the German capital Berlin on Friday. McLaren have won just one world championship since 1998 and lagged behind Ferrari and Red Bull last year. But they are hoping a raft of new features on their car will propel them into the drivers' championship running. Hamilton, the 2008 world title winner, finished fourth in 2010, 16 points behind the eventual winner, Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull. Button, who succeeded Hamilton as world champion in 2009, came 42 points off the pace in fifth. The MP4-26 is packed with innovative features to help with its aerodynamics, including an electronically adjustable rear-wing system and an all-new electric hybrid KERS system, to comply with this season's F1 rule changes. ""We've seen it in the wind tunnel quite a lot, but it looks even better full-size,"" Hamilton said on Formula One official website. ""I think people saw a unique way of revealing our 2010 car, something that's never been done before. I hope the car proves just as innovative once we take to the track. ""I head into 2011 in a relaxed but determined frame of mind. I've spared nothing during my winter fitness preparations and, in many ways, I feel as fit, focused and refreshed as I did ahead of my first season in Formula One in 2007. ""So my aim for this year is to ensure that everything comes together in the best possible way and that, like last year, I'm able to fight for the title right down to the final race."" Hamilton's teammate Button said it was an ""empowering feeling"" having had an input on the design of McLaren's new car. He said he was looking forward to testing the car in Spain next week, ahead of the opening race in Bahrain on March 13. ""Today really marks the beginning of our 2011 season after what seems a very long time away from the track,"" he said. ""I can't wait to get behind the wheel of MP4-26 for the first time next week. ""It's strange to think that this is only the start of my second season at McLaren Mercedes, because I've felt so comfortable since joining the team last January. ""For the new season, I've not only got a year's experience under my belt, but I've also been able to offer input into the design and development of the new car -- something that I was naturally unable to do last year."""
"(CNN) -- Larry Flynt, porn publisher and erstwhile snoop into the sex lives of politicians, has offered a job to disgraced former U.S. Congressman Anthony Weiner. Flynt, founder of Hustler Magazine, made the job offer in a letter that was published in The Huffington Post on Thursday. ""This offer is not made in jest,"" wrote Flynt. ""Just as we do not undertake insincere political crusades, we do not make insincere job offers."" Weiner could not be immediately reached for comment. Where does Weiner go from here? Flynt's job offer came within hours of the congressman's resignation on Thursday over a sexting scandal. In the letter, Flynt offered to give Weiner a 20% raise above the salary he earned in the U.S. House of Representatives, ensuring the former congressman's medical benefits would match what he had received in office. Flynt also offered to pay Weiner's moving expenses to Beverly Hills, California. ""While this employment opportunity is being offered in large part due to your qualifications and clear passion for making a change,"" Flynt wrote, ""I feel that your unfortunate resignation is a prime example of unfounded political pressure and the hypocrisy that has invaded democracy in Washington, D.C."" The job offer was the second made by Flynt to a politician within the past year. Recent political sex scandals . In October, he offered to hire Republican Carl Paladino after the socially conservative gubernatorial candidate garnered headlines over pornographic images circulated to friends and colleagues. The tone of Flynt's purported job offer to Paladino was markedly different than Weiner's. ""It's clear that 'values purporting' Carl Paladino has a keen instinct for kinky sex,"" Flynt said in a news release at the time. ""He is a natural pornographer who has a skilled eye for unusual views and acrobatics ... It's clear he's better suited to join our team than be the governor of the state of New York."" Paladino lost the election to Democrat Andrew Cuomo. In 1998, during the impeachment proceedings against President Bill Clinton over the Monica Lewinsky affair, Flynt offered $1 million to anyone with evidence of sexual misconduct against Republican lawmakers leading the effort against Clinton. He published some of the evidence he obtained."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Up to 80,000 items at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library are unaccounted for, probably because of haphazard record-keeping and inventory procedures, officials said Thursday. An audit found ""significant breakdown in internal controls"" at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. An audit completed last month by the National Archives and Records Administration's inspector general looked at the management of presidential artifacts at six presidential libraries. It ""cites particular issues at the Ronald Reagan Library. ... We acknowledge that problems exist in inventory control at the Reagan library,"" said a statement from Allen Weinstein, national archivist. Inspector General Paul Brachfield was more blunt. A ""significant breakdown in internal controls"" was found at the Reagan library, in Simi Valley, California, he said in a statement Thursday. The audit results prompted the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation to urge the National Archives -- which is responsible for maintaining the artifacts -- to move quickly to fix the problems. The chairman of the board of trustees has contacted Weinstein ""to express the serious concerns and disappointment on behalf of the Reagan Foundation and Mrs. Reagan,"" the foundation said. Library officials told auditors that ""the collection contained approximately 100,000 items, yet the library systems only had information to locate and account for approximately 20,000 items,"" Brachfield said. ""This does not automatically mean the approximately 80,000 remaining items are missing. The vast majority may very well be safely located within the library's storage facilities. ... Some of these items may be missing or stolen, or none of these items may be missing or stolen."" Control deficiencies at the library created an environment that could potentially have been exploited, Brachfield said. Although Congress has a copy of the audit, it has not yet been made public because of the ongoing investigation into the whereabouts of the items. The count of 100,000 was an estimate taken from the original Reagan White House Gift Unit database, Weinstein said Thursday, but was never meant to be used as a concrete inventory control number. The Reagan library has already begun implementing recommendations from the audit, he said. It has upgraded its management inventory software, is hiring additional trained museum staff, has begun a comprehensive inventory and is addressing storage issues by reshelving artifacts and taking steps to protect artifacts in case of an earthquake. ""Like all of the presidential libraries, the Reagan library stores their gifts in a locked vault, which is protected by a security camera,"" Weinstein said. The audit examined management of artifacts at the Reagan library; the Franklin D. Roosevelt library; the John F. Kennedy library; the Gerald R. Ford library; the George Bush library; and the William J. Clinton library, Weinstein said. ""Early collections of artifacts came to presidential libraries with few controls and incomplete information relating to the collections,"" he said. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- A man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, police officer last week was captured at a shelter in Miami, Florida, on Tuesday, Philadelphia Police Commissioner Sylvester Johnson said at a news conference. Miami Police Chief John Timoney said he had been alerted by Philadelphia police that the suspect, John Lewis, had taken a Miami-bound bus from Philadelphia. Acting on information from Miami Rescue Mission, officers went to a homeless shelter where they found Lewis, ""who was pretty easy to spot as he's 6 feet, 270 pounds,"" Timoney said. He was apprehended ""unarmed and without incident,"" the Miami chief said. Timoney said it didn't appear that anyone in Miami was helping Lewis, according to CNN affiliate WPVI. Miami Police Officer Gil Gonzalez said Lewis ""had a Bible and was praying when we went to get him. He had a look of guilt, a look of shock."" Philadelphia Mayor John F. Street said people at the shelter recognized Lewis from televised photos of the suspect. Lewis is suspected in the October 31 shooting of Philadelphia Police Officer Chuck Cassidy. Cassidy was shot in the head when he inadvertently walked into a robbery in progress at a Dunkin' Donuts. He died the next day. Investigators told WPVI that Lewis was spotted on security video boarding a bus to Miami on Saturday night. Cassidy was one of three Philadelphia police officers shot in a four-day period last week. Mariano Santiago was shot in the shoulder late last Tuesday as he approached a vehicle. He is in fair condition. Officer Sandra VanHinkle was shot early last Sunday and is out of the hospital and doing well, police say. Former co-workers of Lewis who spoke to WPVI said they were surprised by the allegations against him. ""He was so nice,"" Kiani Clark told the station. ""He was really nice. He didn't seem like the type that would hurt a fly."" The Associated Press reported that Lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges, which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program.  He was arrested again in June on drug charges, and that case is still pending, the AP reported. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Aurore Ankarcrona contributed to this report. Copyright 2007 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Golfers preparing for The Barclays FedEx Cup playoff event at Plainfield Country Club in New Jersey found themselves not only battling the course, but also the effects of a 5.8 magnitude earthquake which struck Virginia on Tuesday. The quake forced the closure of a nuclear power plant and was felt from as far afield as Georgia and New England, while also causing many PGA Tour players to post their reactions on the social-networking site Twitter. American world number 15 Bubba Watson used his @bubbawatson account to tweet: ""This house we rented just shook!"" Watson's compatriot Jason Dufner, who finished tied for 5th at the recent PGA Championship, also tweeted his shock after feeling the tremors: ""Earthquake in Jersey? Or someone trying to give me a shake down??"" Virginia earthquake rattles the East Coast . The 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson was clearly concerned by the quake, in which no major injuries were reported, and tweeted: ""Well. Just went through my first earthquake. Gotta believe it wasn't a big one here in NJ. But, it freaked me out. #kneesbuckled."" Briton Justin Rose has been on the PGA Tour since 2003 and was on the driving range when he felt the quake. ""Was that an earthquake I just felt on the range in New Jersey!!"" read his tweet. ""Either that or Gary Woodland is thumping out 2 irons on range!!"" Woodland, a 27-year-old one-time winner on the Tour, posted: ""Earthquake in jersey. Thought a kid was shaking my chair. Crazy."" The FedEx Cup playoffs are now in their fifth year and serve as a season-ending championship for the Tour, with The Barclays set to get under way on Thursday. A field of 125 players have qualified for The Barclays based on points accumulated over the course of the year. Out of those 125, the top 75 will advance to the Deutsche Bank tournament in Boston, before the field is cut to 70 for the BMW Championship in Illinois -- which will begin on September 15. Finally, 30 players will head to Atlanta for the final tournament, due to start on September 22, where the FedEx Cup champion will be crowned."
"(CNN) -- A Toyota Prius was not the cause of a March 9 crash in Harrison, New York, said authorities citing ""black and white"" results in their investigation. Harrison, New York, Police Capt. Anthony Marraccini revealed at a news conference Monday that evidence extracted from the wrecked 2005 Prius' data recorder showed no indication of brake compression as the car headed toward a stone wall. Rather, the accelerator was pressed 100 percent, authorities said. Marraccini said the data, which he described as ""black and white,"" was collected in a cooperative effort between Harrison police, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and Toyota. ""Toyota has been very cooperative,"" said Marraccini. ""There's no possibility of any distortion of this data,"" he continued. ""These are the facts that surround this."" A housekeeper was driving the car at the time of the accident. She told police the vehicle accelerated on its own as she eased forward down her employer's driveway, causing her to crash into a stone wall on the other side of the road. The incident, which did not involve other vehicles nor injuries to anyone, drew attention because the 2005 Prius was part of Toyota's November recall to address the risk of pedal entrapment in the floor mat. But police said early on that floor mats were not a factor in this accident. A recall to address a sticky accelerator problem did not include the Prius. Monday's announcement corroborates a NHTSA statement from early in the investigation, explaining that ""information retrieved from the vehicle's onboard computer systems indicated there was no application of the brakes and the throttle was fully open."" The statement suggested at the time that the driver may have been stepping on the accelerator, instead of the brake as she told police. ""We do see these accidents on occasion,"" Marraccini said Monday. ""I think with all this hype about Toyota, people are just looking to point fingers,"" he said. Marraccini said that he spoke with the housekeeper about the findings of the investigation, but she remains ""very passionate about her statement."" ""When a driver believes they are on the brake pedal, they believe it. But there is no indication of that,"" Marraccini said. Toyota spokesman Wade Hoyt called the investigation ""thorough"" and ""conscientious,"" and praised authorities for their ""really outstanding piece of detective work."" CNN's Dana Garrett contributed to this report."
(CNN) -- The death of a Canadian soldier in battle-scarred Afghanistan on Thursday brings this month's toll of international military fatalities in the war to 47, the highest monthly tally so far, a CNN count of official statistics shows. Lt. Col Thorneloe was  one of 15 British troops killed in action in Afghanistan this month. The Canadian soldier was killed while he was conducting operations in the Panjwayi District in Kandahar province, the Canadian military said. The previous monthly record was 46, a mark reached twice last year, in June and August. The growing death toll, which only accounts for the first half of July, comes amid an uptick in fighting across Afghanistan, where international forces and Afghan troops have been battling the Taliban. The push, called Operation Khanjar, targets militants in Helmand province, a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region. The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August. Some of the deaths resulted from nonhostile incidents such as accidents, but most have occurred during hostilities. According to a CNN count of figures from various governments, the U.S.-led coalition and NATO's International Security Assistance Force, the deaths in July have included 23 Americans, 15 Britons, five Canadians, two Turks, an Italian and a NATO-led soldier whose nationality has not yet been disclosed. The news coincides with another grim milestone for the British military, which has seen the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpass the death toll in the Iraq War. An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan's Helmand province, the staging ground for several major recent offensives, claimed the lives of 15 British soldiers in July, putting the number of the country's dead in Afghanistan at 184, the Defense Ministry said. The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq. The 15 deaths in July also put the British military on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom. Britain's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006, when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident, the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar. Since the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001, 652 U.S. troops have died in hostile and nonhostile activities throughout the country.
"(CNN) -- A Dutch tourist says she recently spotted missing 4-year-old Madeleine McCann at a French restaurant near Montpellier, McCann family spokesman Clarence Mitchell said Wednesday. A handout photo, released September 16, 2007, of missing child Madeleine McCann. The tourist said she recognized Madeleine from the many media reports about the child's May 3 disappearance and may have even seen the well-publicized defect in the little girl's eye, Mitchell said. ""She and a friend saw a child that they immediately took to be Madeleine,"" said Mitchell. ""They actually called out her name. ""A man who was with the child scooped the child up and took her out of the cafe before the girls could take a photograph with their mobile phones,"" he said. Mitchell said there is a surveillance tape of the girl in the L'Arche restaurant and Madeleine's parents are hoping to be able to use it to determine if it is their missing daughter.  Mitchell explains how the sighting came about  . But The Associated Press, quoting an unnamed police official, is reporting that investigators have determined it was not the missing child. Police watched the closed-circuit video footage, and despite the child looking like Madeleine, it was not her, said the official, who did not want his name published because he is not authorized to speak to media about the case. Madeleine disappeared May 3, days before her fourth birthday. Her parents, who were vacationing with her in Portugal, have said she disappeared from their room at a resort while they dined in a nearby restaurant. Despite a global search and the attention of celebrities like Virgin Chairman Richard Branson, author J.K. Rowling and soccer star David Beckham, there have been no major breaks in the case. Portuguese investigators in September named the McCanns official suspects in their daughter's disappearance. The McCanns deny involvement, saying they believe Madeleine may have been abducted by pedophiles and taken to North Africa. A few months ago, there was a reported sighting of Madeleine in Belgium, but nothing came of that report. Last year, excitement grew when a video surfaced of a Moroccan woman carrying a child on her back who looked very similar to Madeleine. Authorities determined that it was the woman's child. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- Tiny diamonds found in the soil are ""strong evidence"" a comet exploded on or above North America nearly 13,000 years ago, leading to the extinction of dozens of mammal species, according to a study. Diamonds found in North American soil suggest a comet led to the extinction of dozens of mammal species. The scientific report also suggests the cataclysm also reduced the population of the earliest people to inhabit the region and triggered a 1,300-year-long cold spell that stretched around the world. The heat generated by the extraterrestrial impact likely melted much of a glacier that once covered the Great Lakes region, sending a massive flood down the Mississippi River, the study said. According to the report, the cold waves of glacial runoff into the Gulf of Mexico shifted Atlantic Ocean currents, changing climate patterns throughout the world in a cooling period known as the Younger Dryas. ""A rare swarm"" of comets rained over North America about 12,900 years ago, sparking fires that produced choking, leading ""to the extinction of a large range of animals, including mammoths, across North America,"" the report said. The study was conducted by a group of eight archaeologists and geologists from the universities of Oregon and California, Northern Arizona University, Oklahoma University and DePaul University. Their findings were published Friday in the journal Science. iReport.com: Have you ever seen a comet? Show us . The prehistoric humans known to have inhabited the continent at the time of the event -- hunters and gatherers dubbed the Clovis culture -- suffered a major decline in population in the aftermath, the scientists said. The scientists studied layers of sediment dated to 12,900 years ago at six North American locations, including one directly on top of a Clovis site in Murray Springs, Arizona. Each layer was rich in nanodiamonds, which are produced under high-temperature, high-pressure conditions created by cosmic impacts, the report said. ""The nanodiamonds that we found at all six locations exist only in sediments associated with the Younger Dryas Boundary layers, not above it or below it,"" said University of Oregon archaeologist Douglas Kennett. ""These discoveries provide strong evidence for a cosmic impact event at approximately 12,900 years ago that would have had enormous environmental consequences for plants, animals and humans across North America."" The other sites studied were in Bull Creek, Oklahoma; Gainey, Michigan and Topper, South Carolina, as well as Lake Hind, Manitoba; and Chobot, in the Canadian province of Alberta."
"(CNN) -- A woman convicted of murder and adultery and sentenced to die by stoning said Saturday she would sue the two German journalists who interviewed her son, Iran's government-backed Press TV reported. The men, identified only as a reporter and photojournalist, were arrested in October after they interviewed the son and lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who was convicted of adultery in 2006 and sentenced to death by stoning. Her case has drawn sharp criticism from the international community. No date has been set for her execution. Ashtiani told reporters in the northwestern city of Tabriz that she planned to sue the German nationals, Press TV reported. The men, who work for the Bild am Sonntag newspaper, are charged with espionage and are accused of working illegally as journalists in Iran. Germany-based anti-stoning activist Mina Ahadi said that government and prison officials were also at the press conference. ""This regime has a history of pressuring innocent people into confessing on television. This is just another example of their propaganda,"" she said. Speaking outside the prison, Ashtiani criticized her lawyers for politicizing her case and denied she had been pressured to give interviews, Press TV said. Ashtiani's son, Sajjad Qaderzadeh, was released from jail three weeks ago on humanitarian grounds, according to Press TV. He had served more than a month in prison for granting the interview, Press TV reported. Qaderzadeh appeared with his mother on Saturday and similarly said that he would sue the German nationals as well as his lawyers, who asked him to do the interview, Press TV said. The son also added that he plans to take legal action against Issa Taheri, who Press TV said murdered Qaderzadeh's father in collaboration with Ashtiani. Germany's Bild newspaper, a sister publication of Bild am Sonntag, published an editorial Sunday criticizing the reported lawsuit plans. ""The woman who has been sentenced to death was allowed to leave her jail cell for a few hours to declare in front of western TV cameras that she would file a suit against our reporters,"" the editorial said. It concludes, ""Does Iran really think that a strange farce like this will improve the credibility of its justice system abroad?"" CNN's Mitra Mobasherat and Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Prince Harry paraded alongside his fellow British servicemen in Scotland Wednesday, as he attended a memorial to service members who have died in Afghanistan. Prince Harry takes part in a memorial parade and service for troops killed during his tour of Afghanistan. Harry, 23, serves in the British Army and spent 10 weeks in Afghanistan earlier this year. He was withdrawn unexpectedly in March after news leaked out about his low-key deployment. The prince appeared in uniform alongside around 200 other sailors, soldiers, marines and airmen at the parade, which took place on Edinburgh's famous Royal Mile. They made their way to St. Giles' Cathedral for a private memorial and thanksgiving service for the fallen service members. Also attending the service was British Defense Secretary Des Browne, families of the fallen troops, and recovering wounded military personnel. Harry holds the rank of cornet, equivalent to a second lieutenant. He was deployed to Afghanistan's Helmand province where he served as a forward air controller. His duties included calling in airstrikes and air support when necessary, guaranteeing the accuracy of bombing on the ground and guarding against incidents of friendly fire. The parade and memorial service took place on the same day Britain's Ministry of Defense announced the deaths of four British soldiers in Afghanistan, and two days after Browne announced Britain will increase its presence in Afghanistan from 7,800 troops to 8,030 by next spring.  Watch Prince Harry at the memorial  . Prince Harry is the younger son of Prince Charles, the heir to the British throne, and the late Princess Diana, who died in a Paris car crash in 1997. Last year, the military ruled he could not be sent to Iraq because publicity about the deployment could put him and his unit at risk. Shortly after the news of the prince's deployment broke, several Islamist Web sites posted messages alerting their ""brethren"" in Afghanistan to be on the lookout for the royal soldier. Several members of the British royal family saw combat in the past century. Prince Harry's grandfather, Prince Phillip, served aboard warships in World War II; his great-grandfather -- the future King George VI -- took part in the World War I naval battle of Jutland; and Prince Andrew, Prince Harry's uncle, flew Royal Navy helicopters during Britain's 1982 war with Argentina over the Falkland Islands. Prince Harry's brother, Prince William, is also an army officer. But as second in line for the throne, he is specifically barred from combat."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The former parents-in-law of a man accused of killing nine people at a Christmas Eve party were among the remains of six people identified Saturday by the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office. Bruce Jeffrey Pardo went on a shooting rampage in a Los Angeles suburb Christmas Eve, police say. Three other people remain listed as ""missing"" and ""unidentified"" because their remains were too badly burned in the raging house fire that followed the shootings. Police said Bruce Jeffrey Pardo committed suicide after he went on a shooting rampage dressed as Santa Claus at the party in the Los Angeles suburb of Covina. He targeted his ex-wife, 43-year-old Sylvia Pardo, and her family, police said. He then started the fire, police said. Authorities said Pardo also may have planned to kill his wife's divorce attorney as well as his own mother, who had planned to attend the party but did not because she was ill. Killed at the party, according to the coroner's office, were: . The remaining three people known to be at the party -- Sylvia Pardo; her brother James ""Junior"" Ortega, 52; and Michael Ortiz, 17, Sylvia Pardo's nephew and Alicia Ortiz's son -- remain listed as ""unidentified"" in coroner's files and ""missing"" in police files. ""We have three unidentified bodies that came out of that location,"" said Lt. Larry Dietz of the coroner's office. Authorities previously said they were relying on dental records to identify the bodies. After the shootings, Bruce Pardo left a rental car and a gasoline canister outside the home of attorney Scott Nord, who represented Sylvia Pardo in her divorce, police said. Investigators suspect that Bruce Pardo planned a similar attack at Nord's home. Authorities described the Pardos' divorce, which was finalized December 18, as ""contentious."" Another rented car that Bruce Pardo used to flee the scene was found booby-trapped after the shootings. It burned as a Covina police bomb squad attempted to disconnect an explosive device in it. Police said Bruce Pardo had an uneasy relationship with his mother, who had sided with Sylvia Pardo in the divorce. The shootings and fire left 10 children orphaned. Three others lost one parent. An Ortega Family Fund has been set up at Nord's law offices. CNN's Irving Last contributed to this report."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Federal safety investigators said Tuesday they fear flaws found in Washington's Metro subway system after a deadly crash this summer may endanger other transit systems, and they sent out an urgent recommendation asking that other rail operators check for similar problems. Investigators are shown at the crash scene in Washington. Nine people were killed in the June 22 wreck. In letters to federal regulators, the National Transportation Safety Board said ""all rail transit operators and railroads should be informed"" about system flaws that could cause a track circuit to fail to detect a train. It was not clear how many rail systems have similar train detection systems. Neither the NTSB nor the Federal Transit Administration had a list of systems that use the ""audio frequency track circuits"" that are the focus of the probe. But an FTA spokesman said that because it doesn't know how many operators use the systems, ""we are sending today's urgent recommendation to all rail transit operators, and will identify the pertinent operators through a later survey."" Meanwhile, the Federal Railway Administration, which regulates Amtrak and more than a dozen commuter rail systems, said it also will follow the NTSB guidance but believes the number of impacted systems will be ""limited."" Nine people were killed and 52 taken to hospitals June 22 when a southbound Metrorail train struck the rear end of stopped train just north of the Fort Totten station. Investigators say an automatic train protection system did not detect the stopped train, so the moving train did not receive a command to slow or stop. The NTSB said it is continuing its investigation into the precise causes of the crash, but it said the investigation has raised concerns that the track circuit is susceptible to errant signals. In its letter to regulators, the NTSB said it discovered one circumstance in which an unintended signal path could be created, resulting in a track relay remaining energized even though a stopped train was occupying the circuit. ""After only three months, this complex investigation is far from complete, so we are not ready to determine the probable cause of the [Metro] accident,"" NTSB Chairwoman Deborah A.P. Hersman said. ""However, our findings so far indicate a pressing need to issue these recommendations to immediately address safety glitches we have found that could lead to another tragic accident."" The NTSB sent letters to Metro, the Federal Transit Administration, the Federal Railroad Administration and Alstom Signaling Inc., which acquired General Railway Signal, the manufacturer of some of the equipment."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN)  -- Pakistani forces in the last month foiled a planned attack on the parliament building, the intelligence agency and other federal institutions, the country's interior minister told CNN Sunday. Pakistan's parliament building was one target of a planned attack, an official says. In the last four weeks, authorities arrested three men with suicide vests who were plotting to carry out the attacks, said Interior Minister Rehman Malik. Malik would not say exactly when the men were caught. Pakistan is in the midst of an intense military offensive against Taliban militants. The militants are suspected of launching attacks inside Pakistan and in neighboring Afghanistan from their haven in the mountainous tribal region along the northwestern border. On Sunday, a suicide bomber in volatile northwestern Pakistan killed at three people and wounded 15 others, police said. The bombing rocked the Pakistani city of Peshawar, capital of North West Frontier Province. The incident took place when police approached a man acting suspiciously. The man ran away, police chased him and a gunfight ensued. The man ran out of bullets and blew himself up. Two women and seven children were among the injured. Remains of the alleged attacker were found, police said. Five houses were destroyed. The incident follows a car bombing on Saturday in Peshawar that killed two people, including the spokesman for an extremist group called Ansar ul Islam. Two suspects are in custody. Malik said Sunday the government's anti-Taliban operations will continue during Ramadan, the Muslim holy month considered to be a time of peace. Militants in North Waziristan, part of the tribal region, have said they will observe a unilateral ceasefire throughout the month. ""There will not be a ceasefire during Ramadan. We are not interested in a ceasefire,"" Malik said. ""They haven't kept their commitment in the past. We will continue targeted actions against the Taliban."" Malik also said the Taliban killed the father-in-law of its leader Baitullah Mehsud and several other relatives, accusing them of leaking information about his whereabouts. Pakistan and U.S. officials contend Mehsud was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan at his father-in-law's house. The Taliban claims Mehsud is alive but ill."
(CNN) -- The death toll from the latest round of heavy rain and flooding in central Vietnam continues to soar, with 46 people killed and 21 missing, state-run media report. Rescuers were able to save 18 people whose bus was swept away Monday on the north-south highway 1A through Ha Tinh Province, but 19 people remain unaccounted for, according to VietNamNet. The homes of 200,000 people are underwater in Nghe An, Ha Tinh and Quang Bing provinces because of floods caused by storms that began October 14, official media report. On Sunday alone, about 30 inches of rain fell in parts of the country. The storms have hit the southeast Asian nation's agricultural sector hard, with waters inundating 8,000 hectares (31 square miles) of rice fields. Prices of some crops have increased 200 to 500 percent as a result. This storm follows rains and floods at the beginning of October in Nghe An, Ha Tinh, Quang Bing, Quang Tri and Thua Thien provinces that caused an estimated $137.5 million in damage, according to VietNamNet. The two rounds of flood calamities have contributed to the deaths of 112 people, reported state-run television network VTV4, which cited Vietnam's Central Steering Committee for Flood and Storm Control as its source. The Vietnamese government has dispatched 20,000 troops to help with the rescue and recovery process in the latest flooding, with Red Cross staffers from Vietnam, Spain, China, Germany and the United States among those helping the cause, reported VietNamNet. The number of fatalities has climbed significantly in recent days. On Monday, state-run media were reporting that at least 20 people had died. A flood and landslide warning remains in effect for much of the region, with water levels dangerously high in the Ca River in Nghe An province and the Ngan Sau River in Ha Tinh province. Landslides have already dumped tons of dirt and debris, clogging the Pe Ke mountain pass and parts of the Ho Chi Minh Highway. And the situation might get worse, as Typhoon Megi, also known as Typhoon Juan, barrels across the South China Sea after killing 11 people in the Philippines. Besides rain, the National Centre for Hydrometeorological Forecasting forecasts strong winds, big waves and rough seas over the next several days.
"(CNN) -- Police in Collierville, Tennessee, are investigating the disappearance of a former professional basketball player and say ""there is a high level of concern"" in the search to find him. Lorenzen Wright, 34, who played 13 seasons in the NBA, has not been seen or heard from since July 18 when he visited his ex-wife and their children in Collierville, near Memphis, investigators said. Collierville police spokesman Mark Heuberger told CNN that Wright's mother reported him missing on July 22. ""We're taking it very, very seriously,"" Heuberger said, ""and there is a high level of concern."" ""His mom made the report because she felt it was unusual that he did not contact his children for an extended period of time, that's what made her prompt to contact the police,"" he added. ""This is not like him,"" Wright's sister, Savia Archie, told CNN Tuesday. ""I haven't talked to my brother in nine days. He doesn't go without talking to family. ""I'm trying to keep my faith in the world and that he's not in trouble and hopefully he will come home. He's my big brother. Without him, there's no me."" Heuberger cautioned that there is no indication that Wright was the victim of a crime. ""A red flag has not come up yet, at least (as) of today, that suggests any harm has come to him,"" Heuberger said Tuesday . ""Our detectives have talked to a lot of people -- former coaches, players, sports agents -- and continue to follow leads given by the public,"" Heuberger said, ""and we're working very close to the family."" Archie, Wright's sister, described her brother as a loving son, father and uncle. ""My sister had a baby shower last Sunday and he was supposed to come,"" she said. ""Something had to have happened."" The 6-foot-11-inch Wright, who lives in Atlanta, was a forward/center for several teams during his professional basketball career. He played with the Los Angeles Clippers, Atlanta Hawks, Memphis Grizzlies and Sacramento Kings. He was with the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2008-2009, his last year in the NBA. Wright, who has six children, completed his degree at the University of Memphis in 2003, according to the official NBA website. Police are asking anyone with information on his whereabouts to call 901-853-3207."
"(CNN) -- What do President Barack Obama, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad have in common? They all have been the subject of a snide ""prayer"" circulating that seemingly calls for their deaths. A recently created Facebook page reads, ""Dear Lord, this year you took my favorite actor, Patrick Swayzie (sic). You took my favorite actress, Farah (sic) Fawcett. You took my favorite singer, Michael Jackson. I just wanted to let you know, my favorite president is Barack Obama. Amen."" The page has received more than 600,000 ""thumbs-up"" messages of approval since it was posted April 10. But its owner, who does not disclose his or her identity on the popular social media site, wrote, ""We are not really praying for the death of Obama. It is just some humor to show our disapproval of our current president."" Similar imprecations were circulating online last year. But Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes said that ""while it may be considered distasteful and objectionable to some,"" the page doesn't violate the company's content policies. ""We're sensitive to content that includes pornography, bullying, hate speech, and actionable threats of violence, and we react quickly to remove content that violates our policies when it is reported to us,"" Noyes said in a written statement. ""Facebook is highly self-regulating and leverages its more than 400 million users to keep an eye out for offensive content,"" he added. ""We encourage users to report such content, and we have a large team of professional reviewers who evaluate these reports and take action per our policies."" Variations on the jab have circulated in New Jersey, where teacher's union officials apologized for a nearly identical memo that substituted Gov. Chris Christie for Obama earlier this month. Christie is locked in a bitter struggle with the New Jersey Education Association over funding for state schools, but union President Barbara Keshishian said, ""Language such as that has no place in civil discourse."" And in January, hackers posted a similar message on Ahmadinejad's Web site. ""Dear God, In 2009 you took my favorite singer -- Michael Jackson, my favorite actress -- Farrah Fawcett, my favorite actor -- Patrick Swayze, my favorite voice -- Neda,"" the hackers wrote, the last entry a reference to a young Iranian woman shot and killed during protests over last June's disputed presidential election. ""Please, please, don't forget my favorite politician -- Ahmadinejad -- and my favorite dictator -- Khamenei -- in the year 2010."""
"New York (CNN) -- The remains of three additional people were discovered Monday morning near Gilgo Beach on Long Island, according to Richard Dormer, Suffolk County Police commissioner. A total of eight human remains have been found in the area since a missing New Jersey woman prompted the searches beginning in 2010. Shannan Gilbert, 24, of Jersey City, New Jersey, has been missing since May 1 and was last seen alive in the Gilgo Beach area. As authorities searched for clues about her disappearance last year, they uncovered the bodies of four prostitutes in various stages of decomposition. Police say the hunt for a potential serial killer continues, as does the search for Gilbert, who, like the women whose bodies have been found, advertised for prostitution services on such sites as Craigslist. An additional body was found March 29 off Ocean Parkway, west of Cedar Beach. When medical examination determined they were not Gilbert's remains, the police continued to search, leading to Monday's discovery. Gilbert's family is being asked to identify whether the remains found Monday are those of their missing daughter, Dormer said. ""We should move forward to find out quickly if it's her or not her. We put a priority on identification,"" Dormer said. ""We haven't given up on the search for Shannan Gilbert,"" Dormer said, ""just in case the remains we discovered today are not hers."" Gilbert's sister, Sheree Gilbert, told HLN's Nancy Grace Monday night that her family was notified about the discovery of the latest bodies Monday afternoon. Authorities told them that DNA testing to determine identities will be done ""as soon as possible,"" she said. ""We're just hoping and praying that it's not her,"" she added. The initial four bodies were discovered stuffed into bushes on a quarter-mile stretch of waterfront property on Oak Beach, indicating ""they were dumped there by the same person or persons,"" Dormer said in December. ""It's too coincidental that there were four bodies in the same location."" The remains of the fifth body were found about a mile from where the other corpses were discovered, he said, refusing to disclose exactly where the three additional remains were found on Monday. Of the first remains found, all four women had advertised for prostitution services on the Craigslist website, with one body having been there for as long as two years, police said. The highway is closed Monday night with officers on guard from the Causeway to Nassau County Line so the search can resume Tuesday, Dormer said. ""The investigation is going to move forward over the next hours, and into tomorrow,"" days and weeks ahead, Dormer said."
"Baluchistan, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistan is taking a page from America's counterinsurgency playbook in trying to win the hearts and the minds of those who might otherwise join Taliban militants or Balochistan nationalists against its military. Balochistan province -- Pakistan's largest and one of its most troubled -- is home to a nationalist insurgency and an increasingly violent Taliban presence. The sight of Baloch troops marching in the Pakistani army might have been unimaginable three years ago, but recruits are now training to fight for the army, not against it. More than 3,500 such troops have been recruited since 2007, commanders say. ""The whole exercise is to integrate the Balochi youth,"" said Gen. Athar Abbas, a Pakistani army spokesman. ""If you encourage people all over the province to join the army and the state system ... that is going to diffuse whatever insurgency is left in these parts."" Part of that encouragement includes education. At an army engineering school, free courses are given to hundreds of civilian students. The coursework includes time in a computer, filling an education gap the government can't. ""We are established since the inception of Pakistan and we have more expertise and variety here,"" said Brig. Jamil Sarwar Malik. The army also has made inroads by opening schools. When earthquakes hit the province two years ago, the army rushed in to help, but then stayed and boosted their popularity with a rebuilding program in the absence of government reconstruction. The army said its soldiers gave up a day's pay, more than a million dollars, to build a school. The sum of their efforts have built 25 schools, 12 mosques and four health clinics. After nearly a quarter century, the army has reopened mines that were closed, while warring tribes fought because the central government was keeping the profits. The alienation led to calls for independence -- the Balochistan nationalist movement. With the mines open, $75 million dollars worth of coal has been extracted so far, with $16 billion dollars worth still underground. ""It is being spent overwhelmingly -- over 80 to 90 percent -- on the area itself,"" for residents, for the children and for future generations, said Abbas. But siding with the military can come at a cost. Tribal leader Rab Nawaz Zing said he's been attacked 18 times for supporting the army. He blames other tribal chiefs. ""If you want schools, you get shot,"" he said. ""They say we don't need health centers and roads."" While the counterinsurgency is making progress, the military acknowledges that it will take many more years of its best efforts to turn the tide and make the Taliban and nationalist ambitions a thing of the past."
"(CNN) -- U.S. Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III plans to emulate the decision of his Presidents Cup counterpart Fred Couples and select former world number one Tiger Woods for next year's contest with Europe. Woods, a 14-time major winner, has struggled with form and fitness since problems in his personal life emerged two years ago. The American has slipped to 50th in golf's world rankings, having not won a tournament since the Australian Masters in November 2009. But the 35-year-old's recent slump has not prevented Couples, the 1992 Masters champion, from selecting Woods as a wildcard pick for November's Presidents Cup clash with the International team in Australia. ""Well I've been asked that a lot, what would I do if I was in Fred's situation,"" Love, himself a former major champion, told a press conference at Medina Golf and Country Club in Chicago, the venue for the 2012 Ryder Cup. Look out Europe: American golf is bouncing back . ""You certainly want one of the best players ever in the game, you want him on your team. I'm hoping, for Tiger's sake, that he has a full healthy season next year and we are not in this situation. That he's back to his form and he's ready to go. ""I would love to play as Tiger Woods' partner in a Presidents Cup or a Ryder Cup. So I would probably have to go with exactly what Fred did."" Woods has played in six Ryder Cups since 1997, but his only experience of team victory came at Brookline, Massachusetts in 1999 after missing out due to injury three years ago. He had planned to take the rest of this year off, but his Presidents Cup selection persuaded him to enter the Frys.com Open starting October 6, when he will be partnered by new caddy Joe LaCava -- who carried Couples' bag for more than 20 years. LaCava left Couples this year when the 51-year-old decided to reduce his playing schedule, and worked with 2010 Ryder Cup player Dustin Johnson until the end of the PGA Tour's recent FedEx Cup playoffs. ""Joe is an outstanding caddy,"" Woods told his official website on Sunday. ""I have known him for many years. I've personally seen the great job he did for Freddie. I'm anxious for us to be working together."" LaCava added: ""I'm excited to be working with Tiger. I contacted Tiger and Mark (Steinberg, Woods' agent) because this is a unique opportunity to be part of something very special. ""Tiger and I have been friends for a very long time, and I know what he can do."""
"New York (CNN) -- A jury has begun deliberating in the case of a Pakistani scientist accused of trying to kill U.S. officers. The jury began deliberating Monday in the trial of Aafia Siddiqui, who is charged with attempted murder and assault for allegedly shooting at U.S. officers while she was in Afghan custody. She allegedly shot at two FBI special agents, a U.S. Army warrant officer, an Army captain and military interpreters while she was being held unsecured at an Afghan facility on July 18, 2008. Authorities said Siddiqui was behind a curtain and fired two shots at the personnel with an officer's rifle, hitting no one. The warrant officer returned fire with a pistol, hitting Siddiqui at least once . Afghan police had arrested her a day earlier outside the Ghazni governor's compound after finding her with bomb-making instructions, excerpts from the ""Anarchist's Arsenal,"" papers with descriptions of U.S. landmarks, and substances sealed in bottles and glass jars, according to a September 2008 indictment. The indictment said Siddiqui had ""handwritten notes that referred to a 'mass casualty attack'"" listing several locations in the United States, and ""construction of 'dirty bombs.'"" The notes also ""discussed various ways to attack 'enemies,' including by destroying reconnaissance drones, using underwater bombs, and using gliders,"" the indictment said. ""Siddiqui also possessed a computer thumb drive that contained correspondence referring to specific 'cells,' 'attacks' by certain 'cells,' and 'enemies,'"" the indictment said. ""Other documents on the thumb drive discussed recruitment and training."" Siddiqui -- whom the FBI had sought for several years for suspected ties to al Qaeda -- was extradited to the United States in August 2008. Since 2003, the whereabouts of Siddiqui -- an American-educated neuroscientist -- had been the source of much speculation. According to Amnesty International, Siddiqui and her three small children were reported apprehended in Karachi, Pakistan, in March 2003, shortly after the FBI issued an alert requesting information about her location. Several reports indicated that Siddiqui was in U.S. custody after her arrest in Karachi. But in May 2004, then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller identified Siddiqui as being among several sought-after al Qaeda members."
"(CNN) -- The wife of former New Life Church pastor Ted Haggard said Thursday that she never considered divorce after she discovered her husband had sexual encounters with men. ""I knew that he was more than this struggle,"" Gayle Haggard said on CNN's ""Larry King Live"" while promoting her new book ""Why I Stayed."" ""I knew that we spent almost 30 years together, and I knew there was so much to salvage in our relationship that was worth fighting for,"" she said. Ted Haggard, the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals and the head pastor at the 14,000-member New Life, was outed publicly in 2006 by a former prostitute, Mike Jones, who said Haggard had paid him for sex over three years and had used methamphetamine in his presence. Haggard also later admitted to an inappropriate relationship with a 20-year-old male church volunteer. Haggard said Thursday night that he no longer has same-sex urges, attributing the change to therapy. He blamed his homosexual experiences on a sexual encounter with an adult man when he was in second grade, which ""formed the way my mind processes things."" ""Certainly on many levels it was devastating to me,"" Gayle Haggard said of her husband's encounters. ""But I started on a path to real education on the subject and I learned so much about the diversity of our human makeup and that all of us are the way we are for a reason. And I learned that things happen in our life that condition us in our sexuality."" Both Haggard and his wife say they have a normal physical relationship -- one that ""never stopped"" even in the wake of the public scandal. ""What is so wonderful is the intimacy we have on all levels in our marriage,"" Gayle Haggard said. The couple said they currently don't belong to a church. Both agreed to leave New Life and the Colorado Springs, Colorado, area in a settlement following the scandal, but make a living by speaking about their story to church congregations around the country. ""I haven't doubted my faith in this process but I have redefined it,"" Gayle Haggard said. ""Early on, I was so satisfied with my faith walk and I felt as though my life was just wonderful. ""But then I went through this very dark time where I felt like there was nothing good. ... But I held on by a thread because I trusted God was going to show me the way through that and he did."""
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Michael Jackson's publicist wants you to know that, despite a tabloid report to the contrary, the 50-year-old singer ""is in fine health."" Michael Jackson's spokesman says reports of the singer's ill health ""are a total fabrication."" The United Kingdom's Sun newspaper started a stir Monday morning when it quoted the author of an upcoming book about Jackson saying he was battling a potentially fatal disease that required a life-saving lung transplant. Other papers echoed the Sun's thinly-sourced story and the rumor spread quickly through Internet message boards. By Monday afternoon, Jackson's spokesman issued a response that said ""The writer's wild allegations concerning Mr. Jackson's health are a total fabrication."" ""Mr. Jackson is in fine health, and finalizing negotiations with a major entertainment company & television network for both a world tour and a series of specials and appearances,"" said Dr. Tohme Tohme, identified as Jackson's ""official and sole spokesperson."" The original report quoted writer Ian Halperin saying Jackson's illness had robbed him of 95-percent of the vision in one eye and that he needed a lung transplant ""but may be too weak to go through with it."" Jackson's reclusive lifestyle -- and a photo earlier this year of him being pushed in a wheelchair -- created a fertile ground for the planting of the rumor. Tohme suggested Halperin's motive was to get attention for his book about Jackson. ""Concerning this author's allegations, we would hope in the future that legitimate media will not continue to be exploited by such an obvious attempt to promote this unauthorized 'biography,'"" Tohme said. The Sun's report attempted to bolster its source's credibility by calling Halperin ""an award-winning investigative journalist"" who has ""written for respected Rolling Stone magazine."" Halperin's biography on his publisher's Web site claimed he was the winner of the ""Rolling Stone magazine Award for Investigative Journalism."" Rolling Stone magazine responded Monday afternoon by denying Halperin ever won that honor, but did note he was on a school newspaper staff in 1985 that collectively received the ""College Journalism Award"" from the magazine. Halperin has made a career writing about Hollywood scandals and the trouble lives of various celebrities, often claiming to have gone undercover to penetrate their inner-circles. The Jackson story was off the Sun's online front page by Monday evening. Instead, the paper featured a shirtless photo of President-elect Barack Obama on a Hawaii beach with the headline: ""As President Elect Goes Topless, How Do World Leaders Shape Up?"""
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Congress passed a $300 billion farm bill over President Bush's veto for a second time Wednesday, a step made necessary by a clerical error when the original bill passed. Congress overrode President Bush's second veto of a $300 billion farm bill. The Senate voted 80-14 to approve the measure over Bush's objections, following a 317-109 vote in the House of Representatives. Both votes were well above the two-thirds majority needed to override the veto, which Bush delivered Wednesday morning. Congress overrode an earlier veto of the farm bill last month, even though lawmakers had discovered that 34 pages were missing in the version originally sent to the White House. In spiking the latest version, Bush said he objected to its continued subsidies for the wealthy and its use of budget gimmicks to hide a $20 billion increase in spending. But Sen. Kent Conrad, the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, said the measure actually saves the government $110 million. ""This bill does not add to the deficit or debt, because this bill is paid for,"" he said. ""That is not my claim. That is the finding of the Congressional Budget Office."" The discovery of the missing section, Title III, prompted concerns from House Republicans that the override vote was improper. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said the sections of the bill that were originally sent to the president had become law after Congress voted to override Bush's first veto. But to put Title III into effect, Congress re-passed the entire legislation, including the missing pages, and resent it to Bush. The House voted 306-110 at the end of May. The Senate voted 77-15 for the bill at the beginning of June. Two-thirds of the $300 billion in spending for the farm bill will go for nutrition programs such as food stamps. Another $40 billion will go toward farm subsidies, and $30 billion is allocated for payments to farms to keep land idle and other environmental programs. After vetoing the latest version of the farm bill, Bush scolded Congress on Wednesday for not ""modifying certain objectionable, onerous and fiscally imprudent provisions. ... I am returning this bill for the same reasons as stated in my veto message."" When he vetoed the first version of the farm bill, Bush said it ""continues subsidies for the wealthy and increases farm bill spending by more than $20 billion, while using budget gimmicks to hide much of the increase."" The president said it would hurt efforts to improve American farmers' access to overseas markets. Congress has passed one other bill over Bush's objections: legislation for a $23 billion water project that the president vetoed in 2007. CNN Capitol Hill producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report."
"Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- President Ali Abdullah Saleh plans to return to Yemen following the investigation into his attempted assassination, a government spokesman said. The announcement follows claims weeks ago by the Yemeni government it had completed the investigation, accusing two leading opposition figures of planning the June palace bombing that left Saleh with severe burns and shrapnel wounds. The Yemeni government switched gears Sunday, saying the investigation was nearly complete. Abdu Ganadi, the government spokesman, did not say when it would be finished nor whether those accused earlier were still considered suspects. ""I cannot give you a specific time of when President Saleh will arrive. But I can assure you that after the palace bombing investigation is over, the president will be back,"" Ganadi said. The Yemeni political crisis started January 16, when youth protesters took to the streets demanding Saleh's resignation. Fears of all-out civil war have spiked in recent months as government forces and people alleged to be Hashed tribesmen slugged it out in the capital. Saleh, who has been faced with widespread anti-government sentiment and militant activity, has been urged to accept a political transition plan that will lead to his departure. He has been in Saudi Arabia for treatment of wounds he suffered in a June 3 attack on his palace. Some see the timing of Ganadi's announcement as a tactic by Saleh to delay stepping down from power. Saleh said in March he would leave office by the end of the year. ""If Saleh leaves office before the end of the year, history will report it that he was ousted by the revolution,"" said Ali Abdul Jabbar, an analyst and the director of the Sanaa-based Dar Ashraf Research Center. Opposition members, though, see it as a way for Saleh to avoid returning to Yemen to face possible criminal prosecution. ""The opposition and revolution youth hope that Ali Abdullah Saleh comes back to Yemen so that they can try him for all the crimes he committed against the people over the last 33 years,"" said Hamid al-Ahmar, a leading opposition figure. Ahmar, the opposition's wealthiest businessman, and Ali Mohsen, the most powerful military leader in the country, were accused by the Yemeni government on August 18 of planning the palace attack."
TAIPEI, Taiwan (CNN) -- Former Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian was convicted Friday on corruption and money laundering charges, and was sentenced to life in prison, according to officials at Taipei City Court. Former Taiwan president Chen Shui-bian walks inside the Taipei Detention Centre in Tucheng on Friday. He was fined 200 million New Taiwan dollars (U.S.$6.1 million) as well. Chen's wife, Wu Shu-chen, who earlier had been convicted of lying to prosecutors, also was convicted on similar charges. She received a life sentence and was fined 300 million New Taiwan dollars (U.S. $9.1 million), according to the Central News Agency, Taiwan's official news agency. The former president was not at the courthouse when the verdict was read. He had asked to be excused and was being held at a detention center. Supporters of Chen gathered outside the courthouse hours before the verdict, wearing bright-green shirts, and carrying yellow balloons and banners. Riot police stood by in case the crowd got out of control as they protested the verdict. The former president's corruption trial began in March. It is the first for a former head of state, and has gripped the island for months. He has denied wrongdoing and has said the charges are politically motivated. Prosecutors say Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars (U.S.$17.7 million), took bribes, laundered money and illegally removed classified documents from the president's office. Chen has countered that the bribe money was actually political donations. He has also said that a special presidential fund from which he is accused of embezzling does not clearly say what the money can and cannot be used for. Ahead of Friday's verdict, the island's former first lady was sentenced to a year in prison for lying in her husband's corruption case. Wu was convicted on charges that she helped her son, daughter and son-in-law provide false testimony. Prosecutors said the former first couple's son has a Swiss bank account with $22 million they think are illegal proceeds. The challenge for prosecutors was to prove that Chen handed out political favors in exchange for money. The former president said he was being persecuted politically by his successor. Chen's party favors independence for Taiwan. His successor, President Ma Ying-jeou, favors closer ties with mainland China. Journalist Yin Chen contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Jeannie Longo-Ciprelli would be remembered as the greatest female cyclist of her generation even if she had never been an Olympic champion. Longo-Ciprelli: Fourth time lucky in Atlanta in 1996. For much of her career, the Olympic gold was the one honor to elude the French rider. Misfortune, it seemed, was to be her fate every four years, regardless of how many world championships she won in between. In 1984 the first women's Olympic road race coincided with Longo-Ciprelli's rise to dominance in the sport. Well-placed going into the final lap, she appeared set to challenge in the sprint, only to be knocked off in a collision. By 1988, Longo-Ciprelli was a three-time road race world champion, as well as a double winner of the women's Tour de France, and the clear favorite for gold in Seoul. But a broken hip a month before the Games derailed her preparations. Although she recovered enough to ride the road race, she could manage just 21st place. Tactical error More disappointment followed in Barcelona in 1992 as Longo-Ciprelli paid the price for a tactical error. With three kilometers to go, she raced away from the peloton and crossed the line in celebration. But she had failed to realize that Kathy Watt, an unheralded Australian, had slipped away from the lead group apparently unnoticed with a lap to go, and finished 20 seconds further in front. Four years later, in Atlanta, Longo-Ciprelli, finally cracked her Olympic jinx. At 37, Longo-Ciprelli was no longer the dominant presence she had once been, but she still possessed the ability to raise her performance for the biggest races, as she had proven by winning her fourth road race world title in 1995. Her preparations were typically unorthodox -- while her rivals were acclimatizing to the Atlanta heat, Longo-Ciprelli trained alone in the mountains of Colorado, arriving just two days before the race. The race itself was run in a sudden downpour, which sent many riders crashing and skidding and had the rest struggling to stay on their bikes. Unruffled, Longo-Ciprelli broke clear with two other riders and then launched her gold-winning solo attack 11 kilometers from the finish. Longo-Ciprelli was back for her fifth and final Olympics in Sydney in 2000 at the age of 41, this time claiming bronze in the time trial -- and event in which she had also won silver in 1996. E-mail to a friend .
Manchester City's designs on the English Premier League title were dealt an early blow as an injury time penalty from Darren Bent handed Sunderland a shock 1-0 win. It was Roberto Mancini's first defeat of the season but his team should have escaped with at least a point after a glaring miss by Argentina striker Carlos Tevez. City dominated the early stages but when Yaya Toure powered into the penalty area and pulled the ball back for Tevez, the striker somehow managed to miss an open goal. Sunderland keeper Simon Mignolet then pulled off a smart save to deny Toure just before the break but the home side came into the game in the second period. Mignolet was again forced into action in the closing stages by striker Emmanuel Adebayor, as he made a superb reaction save. Then as the game entered the fourth minute of added on time Micah Richards hauled down Bent inside the penalty area. The striker picked himself up and converted the spot kick. At Anfield, a Fernando Torres goal gave Liverpool a 1-0 win over newly-promoted West Brom as they bounced back from their thrashing at City last Monday. The Spain striker volleyed home the winner just after the hour mark after good work down the left from Dirk Kuyt to hand new coach Roy Hodgson his first league win. Everton are still searching for their first win of the season after they went down 1-0 at Aston Villa. Defender Luke Young grabbed the only goal of the game in the ninth minute as he fired home from Ashley Young's pass. Everton dominated the game after they went behind but couldn't find a way past veteran American goalkeeper Brad Friedel, who made a string of excellent saves. In Sunday's early game, Bolton fought back from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Birmingham despite having their goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen sent off. Alex McLeish's side took an early lead when defender Roger Johnson stabbed home Lee Bowyer's left wing cross after just four minutes. Then after Johnson had gone up for a high ball with Jaaskelainen after the half hour mark, the goalkeeper slapped him in the face and received his marching orders. Birmingham went further ahead when striker Cameron Jerome nodded a cross into the path of Craig Gardner and the midfielder poked home at the second attempt. But Bolton halved the deficit when Kevin Davies was fouled by Gary Cahill inside the penalty area and converted the resulting spot kick. Their comeback was completed by Robbie Blake's spectacular free kick in the 81st minute and though Jerome had a late chance to win the game, substitute keeper Adam Bogdan ensured Bolton escaped with a point.
"(CNN) -- James Cameron unveiled his much-hyped, wildly-anticipated 3D sci-fi epic ""Avatar"" to audiences in full in London Thursday. Here's what the critics are saying about the Oscar-winner's first outing since ""Titanic,"" the most successful film of modern times. Todd McCarthy, Variety: The King of the World sets his sights on creating another world entirely in ""Avatar,"" and it's very much a place worth visiting. ...delivers unique spectacle, breathtaking sights, narrative excitement and an overarching anti-imperialist, back-to-nature theme that will play very well around the world..."" Mike Goodridge, Screen International: ...once again takes cinema to a new level of remarkable spectacle ... An epic film born entirely of Cameron's imagination, ""Avatar"" uses tailor-made technology to create the most astonishing visual effects yet seen on screen and blends them seamlessly into a mythical sci-fi story about an ancient alien civilization fighting the encroaching human menace. It's an unprecedented marriage of technology and storytelling which is on the whole remarkably successful. Chris Hewitt, Empire: It's been twelve years since ""Titanic,"" but the King of the World has returned with a flawed but fantastic tour de force that, taken on its merits as a film, especially in two dimensions, warrants four stars. However, if you can wrap a pair of 3D glasses round your peepers, this becomes a transcendent, full-on five-star experience that's the closest we'll ever come to setting foot on a strange new world. Wendy Ide, The Times: ""Avatar"" is an overwhelming, immersive spectacle. The state-of-the-art 3D technology draws us in, but it is the vivid weirdness of Cameron's luridly imagined tropical otherworld that keeps us fascinated. At times it verges on the tacky, like a futuristic air freshener advertisement with the color contrast turned up to the max. The ethically accented orchestral score certainly doesn't help matters. But mostly, it's a place of wonder full of exotically freakish animal composites -- iridescent lizard birds, hammer-headed rhinos -- and sentient vegetation. ""Avatar:"" We shouldn't really be telling you this -- but it's good. Mark Brown, The Guardian: Perhaps most surprising was the politics. At one stage the deranged general leading the attack, with echoes of George Bush, declares: ""Our survival relies on pre-emptive action. We will fight terror with terror."""
"(CNN) -- Four more people have died in Germany, health officials said Sunday, bringing the total number of deaths from an E. coli outbreak to 35. All but one of the deaths were in Germany, with the other occurring in Sweden, according to the World Health Organization and the European Center for Disease Prevention and Control. The number of people infected with E. coli as of Sunday was 3,256, according to the European center (ECDC). Of those, 812 have the severe form of the intestinal illness. All but five people had traveled to or lived in Germany during the incubation period for infection, typically three to four days after exposure, the WHO said. German authorities have indicated that food items including bean sprouts and other vegetables originating from a producer in Lower Saxony, Germany, are the most likely source of the infection. German health authorities have declared that all food products originating from the producer be pulled from the market, according to the ECDC. The agricultural ministry in Lower Saxony said Sunday that it is still not clear how sprouts from a farm in the state became contaminated with the bacteria. ""It is not clear whether an employee brought the bacteria into the company or whether it was brought in with seeds which then contaminated the worker,"" the ministry said in a statement. ""Finding this out is important, however, so that we can create early warning systems to prevent such outbreaks in the future,"" the statement said. Investigators found bean sprouts were the cause of the outbreak when 17 people became ill after eating at the same restaurant, said Reinhard Burger, president of the Robert Koch Institute, which is responsible for disease control and prevention in Germany. Only those who ate food containing the sprouts became ill, he said. Farmers in Spain, France, the Netherlands and Belgium have been seeking compensation for their losses. The European Commission has proposed that the European Union pay about $300 million, but Spain alone claims about $600 million in losses. In Spain, the produce exporter Frunet filed suit last week over the Hamburg state government's initial claims that Spanish produce was to blame for the outbreak.  The company, based in Spain's southern Malaga province, expects to file another suit against the government seeking 1 million euros, or $1.4 million, in losses from fresh produce it had to destroy, Frunet owner Antonio Lavao told CNN. Health officials first blamed Frunet's organic cucumbers for the outbreak. CNN's Al Goodman and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- The Renault F1 team have shown a united front with Ferrari with a threat to boycott the 2010 Championship unless proposed rule changes are dropped by the sport's governing body. Renault have now joined Ferrari in saying they will not race in 2010 unless proposed changes are dropped . The decision comes in the wake of plans by the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) to introduce optional cost-caps and technical restrictions for competing teams. Renault stated on their official Web site that the decision by the FIA to introduce two sets of technical regulations has led to the team ""reconsidering its entry in next year's World Championship."" Renault F1 Team Managing Director, Flavio Briatore said: ""We refuse to accept unilateral governance handed out by the FIA. If the decisions announced are not revised, we have no choice but to withdraw ... at the end of 2009."" Are Ferrari and Renault right to serve the FIA with an ultimatum? President of the team, Bernard Rey, added: ""We remain committed to the sport, however, we cannot be involved in a championship operating with different sets of rules."" The controversy centers on plans for an optional cost-capping policy to operate next season which the FIA argued, in an April press release, would allow technical innovation to flourish without promoting a ""spending race."" It would mean that teams operating within a budget cap of $60 million would be free of technical restrictions, while those over this amount would not.  The FIA believed this would attract new teams to join the sport and stated in April  ""interest has been extraordinarily high from both existing teams and potential new entrants"" to the idea. However, Ferrari and Renault fear this will create a two-tier competition with cars in the same race competing under different rules. Renault's announcement comes after Ferrari - the only constructor to have taken part in every season since 1950 - confirmed they would not be entering a team for the 2010 world championships, for the same reasons on May 12. ""Ferrari confirms its opposition to the new technical regulations adopted by the FIA and does not intend entering its cars in the 2010 F1 Championship,"" the team said in a statement on its official Web site. The spotlight now turns to a crunch meeting between the teams and the FIA in London on Friday which will aim to resolve the growing crisis in Formula 1. The furore comes despite F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone telling the Times newspaper that he did not envisage the Italian team carrying through its threat earlier in the week. ""Ferrari are not stupid,"" he said. ""They don't want to leave Formula 1 and we don't want to lose them, so we'll get to grips with it."""
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Former NFL wide receiver Plaxico Burress pleaded guilty Thursday to a weapons charge stemming from a shooting incident at a nightclub last year, the Manhattan district attorney said. Former NFL wide receiver Plaxico Burress will serve two years in prison after pleading guilty to weapons charges. Burress, 32, pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of attempted criminal possession of a weapon and will serve two years in prison, according to Alicia Maxey Greene, spokeswoman for district attorney Robert M. Morgenthau's office. Two years of supervised release will follow his jail term, she said. Burress is free on bail and will be sentenced September 22. A grand jury indicted the former New York Giants football player earlier this month on two counts of criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree and a single count of reckless endangerment in the second degree. He pleaded not guilty to those charges earlier this year. Burress accidentally shot himself in the leg November 29, 2008, with a .40-caliber semi-automatic pistol he was carrying in the waistband of his jeans. The incident occurred in the VIP area of the Latin Quarter nightclub in Manhattan. A teammate who was with Burress, linebacker Antonio Pierce, drove him to a hospital and arranged to have the pistol delivered to Burress' New Jersey home, according to an August 3 statement from the district attorney's office. The district attorney also sought charges against Pierce, but the grand jury did not indict him. Burress was not licensed to carry a pistol in either New York or New Jersey. No one, including employees of the New York Presbyterian Hospital and the NFL, called the police to report the gunshot wound, as required by law. One of the hospital workers was suspended after the incident. Burress became a hero to New York Giants fans in the 2008 Super Bowl when he caught the game-winning touchdown pass from quarterback Eli Manning with 35 seconds remaining in the game. In the following year, however, Burress' career with the Giants was marred by a series of incidents in addition to the shooting. He was suspended from the team in early October for missing a practice, and later that month the NFL fined him $45,000 after he argued with a referee and threw a football into the stands during a game. Burress was suspended from the Giants immediately after the shooting incident. The team released him in April. CNN's Chloe Melas contributed to this report .
"Paris, France (CNN) -- Ten of France's 12 oil refineries were stopping production Friday, an oil industry spokesman said, as the country went through a fourth straight day of strikes over pension reforms. Unions said workers at all 12 refineries were taking part in the strike. Yves Le Goff, a spokesman for the French Oil Industry Association, said there is currently no rupture in the fuel supply, but that did not stop consumers from lining up at gas stations across the country to stock up on fuel, just in case. The work stoppage at the refineries was having a direct effect on the two main Paris airports, Orly and Charles de Gaulle. Both are supplied by a pipeline that comes directly from refineries that were shut down Friday, according to Trapil, the company that owns the line. While Orly said it has enough fuel to last for 17 days, French media reported that Charles de Gaulle has enough fuel to last at least through the weekend. A spokesman for Paris Airports would not confirm how many days the Charles de Gaulle fuel would last if the pipelines continued to be blocked, but said there was no concern. ""We are not at all worried right now,"" the spokesman said. The strike is over government pension reforms, which have passed the lower house of Parliament and are now awaiting approval by the Senate. Workers are especially upset over plans to raise the retirement age from 60 to 62, a provision that has already been approved by both houses of Parliament. It will not become law, however, until the Senate approves the full spate of reforms. The strike is the fourth by unions in the past month and the first one to go longer than 24 hours. Unions have said it will be open-ended, with a vote each day about whether to continue the walkout the following day. French President Nicolas Sarkozy indicated Thursday that his government would not back down in the face of strikes. ""Our duty is to act; to act in the public interest, act with justice, but to act,"" he said, according to a report in the Paris daily newspaper Le Monde. Another concern Friday was the increasing number of high school students joining the protest. There were demonstrations Friday in several French cities including Paris, where students were in front of the Senate to protest the bill. Student protests led to ""disruptions"" at 342 schools across the country Thursday, the Education Ministry said. Transportation was suffering only minor disruptions. Local transport services like subways and buses were operating well, though only half of the high-speed TGV trains were running, officials said. CNN's Jim Bittermann, Winnie Andrews, and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- A New York man was sentenced Thursday to life without parole for killing four people at a Long Island pharmacy in June. David Laffer, 33 and his wife, Melinda Brady, 29, pleaded guilty in September to charges related to an armed robbery on Father's Day at Haven Drugs. Laffer admitted fatally shooting two pharmacy employees and two customers before making off with a large quantity of prescription drugs. He and his wife were arrested four days after the shooting in a violent confrontation with police, according to authorities. Laffer was charged with five counts of first degree murder, one for each victim plus one for multiple victims, and four counts of criminal use of a firearm in the first degree. ""He was given a maximum sentence of life in prison on five counts of murder and 25 years for each count of firearms charge, one for each victim,"" said James Saladino, principal clerk for Judge James C. Hudson. ""There was no surprise. When he took the plea he was told that he will receive life without parole, and that's what happened,"" said Laffer's attorney, Eric Naiburg. During the sentencing, Judge James C. Hudson said he saw no signs of remorse from Laffer and requested that the Department of Correctional Services place him in solitary confinement without privileges, said James Saladino, principal clerk for Hudson. ""The judge is powerless to enforce it, (he) can only make a recommendation,"" Saladino said. Naiburg was skeptical that the request would be granted. ""My experience says that won't happen. Those things are for people like Gotti,"" he said, referring to the late mobster John Gotti. ""They'll look at him closely and they'll do what is best for the Department of Correctional Services."" Brady, who had pleaded guilty to robbery in the first degree as an accomplice, was sentenced Thursday to 25 years in prison followed by five years of supervision. She has been in custody since June. The pharmacy employees killed in the shooting were identified as Raymond Ferguson, 45, and Jennifer Mejia, 17. Mejia was just days away from her high school graduation. Also killed were Bryon Sheffield, 71, a customer who was inside the pharmacy, and Jamie Taccetta, 33, a customer who walked in on the robbery. She was the mother of two young girls."
"Washington (CNN) -- Only one-quarter of Americans think the federal stimulus plan has helped the middle class, while a majority say it has helped bankers and investors, according to a new national poll. A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday morning indicates that 25 percent of the public thinks the stimulus has benefited the middle class. One-third of the people questioned think the stimulus has helped low-income Americans, with just over four in 10 saying the plan has benefited business executives. A majority, 54 percent, think the stimulus has helped bankers and investors. ""Opinions on the economic stimulus bill are colored by the perception that it has helped fat cats, but not ordinary Americans,"" said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. ""It's possible that the belief that the stimulus bill helped bankers and CEOs is due to the public confusing the stimulus bill with the various bailout bills that were passed at roughly the same time last year."" The survey also indicates that one-quarter think the stimulus has helped people in their own community, with three in 10 saying it has hurt people in their community and 45 percent saying the plan has had no effect. According to a CNN poll released Sunday, 56 percent of the public opposes the stimulus, with 42 percent supportive of the plan. Last March, just weeks after President Obama signed the stimulus bill into law, a CNN survey indicated that 54 percent supported the program, with 44 percent opposed. The program, formally known as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, attempts to stimulate the country's economy by increasing federal spending and cutting taxes, at a total cost to the government of $862 billion. No Republicans in the House of Representatives and only three in the Senate voted for the bill. The stimulus was initially thought to have a price tag of $787 billion, but the Congressional Budget Office on Tuesday increased its forecast for how much the stimulus will add to the nation's deficit, raising its estimate by $75 billion. The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted January 8-10, with 1,021 adult Americans questioned by telephone. The survey's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points. CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report."
"London, England (CNN) -- Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone took a ""good whacking"" when he and his girlfriend were violently mugged in London, he tells the Daily Express newspaper Saturday. ""I'm feeling it now, bit painful, it was a good whacking,"" Ecclestone told the paper in the only interview he has given so far about the ordeal. The Express carried a picture of Ecclestone with a badly bruised right eye that was purple and swollen. The attack took place Wednesday night outside his offices in London's exclusive Knightsbridge neighborhood, after he had been to a restaurant with girlfriend Fabiana Flosi, the paper reported. The muggers punched the 80-year-old billionaire in the face several times and kicked him in the head as he lay on the ground, he said. They also ripped the earrings off his girlfriend's ears. London's Metropolitan Police confirmed to CNN that a man and woman were robbed of jewelry including two watches and a pair of earrings on Wednesday night. They said officers do not believe the man was targeted because of who he is and that it appeared to be an opportunistic incident."" The man was taken to a hospital for treatment to a minor head injury, the police said. ""I drove as I often do and we had just got out of the car when suddenly these guys laid into me,"" Ecclestone told the paper. ""They said nothing to me, just went on the attack, so there was no chance to feel scared or react. ""When I was on the ground I could hear Fabiana screaming for help and I took a kick or two in the head and went unconscious. ""When I came to there was blood everywhere from my head wound but I was lucky. They weren't worried about taking my eye out or head injuries when they were kicking. ""It was completely stupid and uncalled for. If they had confronted me and asked for everything we had, I would have handed over everything in my pockets, my wallet, anything."" British news reports had said the stolen jewelry was worth several hundred thousand dollars, but Ecclestone denied it, saying, ""They won't be going far on what they took off us."" ""I never carry much money or expensive jewelry,"" he said. ""Most of Fabiana's stuff was just personal from Brazil and not worth much."" The injuries forced Ecclestone to cancel a shooting trip with Spain's King Juan Carlos I this weekend, he said. Police were still searching for the suspects."
"(CNN) -- Despite more earthquakes rocking Japan on Tuesday, the devastated country's delayed baseball season was finally able to begin. Sendai-based Rakuten Eagles, unable to use their own stadium due to damage from last month's initial quake, triumphed 6-4 away to Japan Series champions Lotte Marines in a game held during the day to conserve electricity. A quake centered in northeastern Chiba registered before the game, while another of magnitude 6.3 which hit Fukushima and Ibaraki Prefectures caused a short delay in the fourth innings, the Mainichi Times reported. The decisive moment came when Motohiro Shima hit a tie-breaking three-run home run in the seventh innings. ""For me, this game felt as if we were playing our first game in Sendai,"" Eagles pitcher Hisashi Iwakuma said in quotes reported by the newspaper's website as he celebrated his 30th birthday. ""We fought together as a team and were able to pull out victory. The cheers of the fans reached me."" Japan nuclear disaster tops scale . In the opening match of the Central League competition, the Yokohama BayStars beat the Chunichi Dragons 5-4. The president of Japan Professional Baseball Players' Association said the teams hoped to lift morale in a country where 400,000 have been left homeless and more than 27,000 dead or missing. ""We'll fight through the season with the feelings of disaster victims on our minds,"" Hanshin Tigers infielder Takahiro Arai told AFP. ""We will play our hearts out in chasing the ball, that way we can encourage people affected by the disaster."" Japan's top football competition, the J-League, has been suspended until April 23. However, the country's football association is rethinking its decision to pull out of July's Copa America tournament in Argentina, where the ""Samurai Blue"" had initially requested to play as one of two guest teams. ""The Japanese association for its part has not reached a final conclusion,"" JFA vice-president Kozo Tashima told the Jiji Press news agency on Tuesday. ""We will reconsider whether we can send a national team by using our wisdom more than ever."" The JFA has until April 15 to make a final decision. ""We will take part on condition that we call up a certain number of overseas-based players in a way to minimize the impact on the J-League,"" JFA technical director Hiromi Hara told Japanese media, AFP reported."
"Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Actress Lindsay Lohan planned to check herself into a substance abuse rehab program Monday, a source close to the actress said. The source did not reveal which rehab program Lohan had chosen. Lohan's entry into rehab comes three days after a Los Angeles, California, judge ordered her to jail without bail in the wake of a failed drug test. She spent just 14 hours in jail because another judge allowed her to post a bond Friday evening. She spent 23 days in a court-ordered rehab program at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center last month, following 13 days in a Los Angeles County jail. ""Substance abuse is a disease, which unfortunately doesn't go away over night,"" Lohan wrote in a September 17 Twitter message. ""I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps."" Her father, Michael Lohan, has been urging his daughter to go to rehab voluntarily. ""Finally, they listened to me,"" he said Sunday. He said on Friday that he was praying that defense lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley ""does the right thing and advises her to go right into rehab now, and show the judge she's serious, because in 30 days when she goes back before the judge he can do whatever he wants."" Lohan posted a $300,000 bail and was released from jail late Friday night, the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department said. A judge granted Lohan bail Friday night, overturning a decision earlier in the day that sent the actress to jail until a probation revocation hearing four weeks away, a court spokesman said. The bail terms required Lohan to be fitted with a SCRAM alcohol-detection bracelet, Los Angeles County Superior Court spokesman Allan Parachini said. Judge Patricia Schnegg granted Lohan's bail after Holley filed documents just before court closed Friday afternoon, Parachini said. Judge Eldin Fox ordered the preliminary revocation of Lohan's probation Friday morning based on a probation report saying she tested positive for controlled-substance use. The probation revocation hearing was set for October 22. Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence, and in the second incident, she was charged with cocaine possession. The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills, California. Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu, California, drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility, she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica, California, police, saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car. Lohan's acting career, which started at age 10 on a soap opera, took off on the big screen a year later, when she played identical twins in Disney's remake of ""The Parent Trap."""
London, England (CNN) -- Roger Federer enjoyed a comfortable 6-1 6-4 victory over David Ferrer to join Andy Murray at the top of Group B at the ATP World Tour Finals at London's O2 Arena on Sunday evening. The four-time winner of the season finale had never lost to the Spaniard in 10 previous meetings and it became clear from the start that an upset was unlikely. The 29-year-old Swiss broke the seventh seed twice to open up a 4-0 lead in the opening set, before Ferrer hit back with a break of his own. But normal service was resumed in the sixth game, despite the Spaniard's best efforts as Federer broke his serve again and then served out the set. The second set was less one sided, with Federer taking five games to secure a break of serve, but the result was the same. Serving for the match at 5-4, the number two seed experienced an uncharacteristic lapse in concentration, handing his opponent three break points. But, as so often with Federer, he immediately regained his composure to save all three and then promptly served an ace to wrap up the match. ATP World Tour Finals preview . Earlier in the day, Andy Murray made the perfect start to his campaign defeating Robin Soderling in straight sets 6-2 6-4. The 23-year-old Scot swept the Swede aside in just one hour and 20 minutes. Murray, who hadn't beaten Soderling since 2006, found the new world number four in curiously sedate mood. Soderling, who won his first Masters title in Paris last weekend, never managed to get going and was comprehensively outplayed. In front of a partisan crowd at the 17,500 capacity arena Murray quickly found his rhythm breaking Soderling in the third and seventh games to establish a 5-2 lead. He made no mistake on his next service game and duly served out the first set in 29 minutes. The second set was closer and Soderling, a semi-finalist here last year, earned himself an opportunity to break in the sixth game, but Murray held his nerve serving an ace. To compound his frustration, Soderling then concluded a messy service game with a double fault, handing Murray a crucial advantage which he never looked like surrendering. The world number five duly served out the match to record his 45th victory of the season. In the opening Group A doubles matches, defending champions Bob and Mike Bryan opened with a 6-3 7-5 win over Jurgen Melzer and Philipp Petzschner. Sixth seeds Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski overcame third seeds Lukas Dlouhy and Leander Paes 6-3 7-6.
(CNN) -- Bayern Munich inflicted a record defeat on Sporting Lisbon to book their place in the quarterfinals of the Champions League by a staggering 12-1 on aggregate. Bayern Munich players react to the crowd after their staggering 12-1 aggregate victory over Sporting. Leading 5-0 from the first leg, a double from Lukas Podolski and Anderson Polga's own goal put them 3-0 up on the night within 40 minutes before Joao Moutinho pulled one back in stunning fashion. It was the briefest respite for Sporting, though, Bastian Schweinsteiger hitting an immediate reply, before Mark van Bommel, Miroslav Klose (pen) and Thomas Muller netted in the second half for a 7-1 triumph on the night. The result was a record aggregate winning margin for a post-group stage Champions League game, surpassing Lyon's 10-2 demolition of Werder Bremen in 2005. The scoring began in the eighth minute, Podolski combining well with Ze Roberto on the edge of the box after Bayern took advantage of a poor defensive clearance before hammering home from the edge of the box. Bayern were rampant and the second finally came after 34 minutes when a long kick from the Bayern keeper Jorg Butt sailed through to the edge of the Sporting area. It should have been simple for the visiting defense, but a horrible mix-up between Polga and and Patricio allowed Podolski to flick the ball over his head and into the empty net. Polga's night got even worse 39 later when he scored an own goal, volleying Schweinsteiger's cross into his own net. There was a brief hiatus in Sporting's embarrassment when Moutinho's classy strike arrowed into the far left corner three minutes before the break to reduce the arrears. But barely a minute later, Christian Lell pulled the ball back for Schweinsteiger to sweep home, making it 9-1 on aggregate. Bayern coach Jurgen Klinsmann made two changes at half-time, bringing on Jose Sosa and Breno for Ze Roberto and Lucio as the pace dropped. A fifth did arrive, though, in the 74th minute, substitute Muller's cross headed across goal by Klose for Van Bommel to control and fire home. And Klose continued to pile on the woe for Sporting in the 82nd minute, picking himself up from a foul by Pedro Silva to convert the subsequent penalty. Teenager Muller, making his Champions League debut, rounded things off in the final minute, poking home from Sosa's corner.
"New York (CNN) -- Exposure to debris at Ground Zero may be linked to heart problems in police officers, according to a new study announced Saturday. The study revealed that police officers who worked at the World Trade Center site in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks had unusually high occurrences of abnormal left and right ventricular functioning, leading doctors to consider the role Ground Zero played in their diminished heart function. The study, which started in January 2008 and ended in June, was funded by the Fraternal Order of Police of New York State. The study was not intended at first to focus on the effects of Ground Zero, but rather to test the strains of the job, said Dr. Lori Croft, the study's lead investigator. Many Ground Zero workers have been reported to suffer from lung ailments after exposure to dust and debris at the site, but this is the first study that offers evidence that work at Ground Zero may lead to cardiovascular problems, said Croft of the Mount Sinai Medical Center. Once microscopic matter is inhaled, it can result in harmful scarring to the lungs and heart, said Croft. Croft said that a healthy person's heart muscle relaxes when it fills with blood. In the cases of the study participants, Croft said the heart remains somewhat stiff, which hinders blood flow and can lead to heart disease later in life. Croft tested about 1,200 police officers over an 18-month period and found that 53 percent had abnormal left ventricular functioning and 59 percent had problems with their right ventricle. This would come as little surprise if they were in their 80s, but the mean age in the group was 49, Croft said. ""If you're talking about 80-year-olds with these statistics, that's one thing,"" she said. ""But these are people in their 40s and 50s. That's unusual."" About 7 percent of 50-year-olds have this problem, Croft said. Croft said some questions remain. Law enforcement is generally a stressful occupation and police often work varying shifts and might sit in a patrol car for long periods -- all unhealthy for the heart, she said. The study, while revealing, needs to be further explored, she said. For example, testing police officers in other cities might help put the findings in context, she said."
"(CNN) -- Evander Holyfield failed in his bid to become the oldest heavyweight champion when he lost on points to giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in Zurich, Switzerland on Saturday. Holyfield struggles to escape the reach of seven-foot Russian world champion Valuez in Zurich. One judge scored the bout a draw while the others had Valuev winning 115-114 and 116-112 thus denying 46-year-old Holyfield the heavyweight title for the fifth time. American Holyfield will take time to consider whether to return to the ring after his defeat. ""I will go home and think about the future,"" he said. ""But I knew I could still do it. ""I fought very well and won the fight but I did not get the decision. I think I showed tonight that I still can box and that age does not matter."" Valuev said it was an honor to fight a legend like Holyfield. ""I am proud to have been in the same ring with him,"" he said. ""He was very fast and hard to hit. I can only advise people not to get hit by him. I expected a tough fight and that is what it was. Holyfield is a great fighter and he proved it tonight."" With Valuev controlling the centre of the ring in the opening rounds, Holyfield danced around his opponent, hitting with occasional single shots. He did well to stay away from Valuevs long left jab and hit him with a big left in the fourth, but the Russian answered with a strong right uppercut. Much to the delight of the crowd, the fifth was a good round for Holyfield who first landed a right-left combination to the body and later connected with a big left hook to the head. Both men were on target during a mid-round exchange in the sixth, but Valuevs left jab looked more effective. In the seventh, the crowd raised the roof when Holyfield fired in a combination to the head. Valuevs corner urged him to be more aggressive and he eventually landed a strong right in the eighth when Holyfield seemed to tire a little. The seven foot Russian remained on the front foot as there was a big exchange during the ninth, and in the 10th Holyfield landed a strong right-left combination. Valuev finished better and pushed his opponent in the corner in the 12th . After the final bell, both men hugged each other, with either fighter claiming the win. When the scorecards were read, boos rang out as the crowd favorite's narrow defeat was confirmed."
"LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN) -- More than 2,500 Nigerians caught in the fighting between Islamic militants and government forces have fled their homes in the northern part of the country, a Red Cross spokeswoman said Wednesday. Mothers and their children take refuge this week at a police office in the northern Nigerian city of Maiduguri. More than 400 people have been killed, and 150 bodies were lying in the general hospital at Maiduguri, according to Aliyu Maikanu, a Red Cross disaster officer in the northeast. Most of the violence has been on the outskirts of the city, officials said. ""It's a terrible situation for me. It's a very serious battle -- something I have not seen in my life,"" Maikanu said. She said only security personnel were free to move around due to the risks. Up to 1,000 militants are holed up at their base of operations in Maiduguri, and police have cordoned off the area, she said. National police spokesman Emmanuel Ojukwu said Wednesday that police were able to free 187 women and children whom they claim were being held in the compound of the Islamic militants' leader, Mohammed Yusuf. Under the sect's strict form of sharia law, the group that was released was shielded from public view, Ojukwu said. He said 100 arrests have been made across the north. Shehu Sani, president of the Civil Rights Congress, a human rights organization based in northern Nigeria, said people were seeking refuge in police and military barracks and in hospitals. The militants disagree with the government's teaching of Islam in the region, maintaining that the government allows itself to be influenced by Western values. They have been targeting high-profile government institutions, police and Islamic clergy, Ojukwu said. The operation to defeat the militants is ongoing, he said, and police have been deployed in all northeast and northwestern states. There is a history of religious violence in central Nigeria, where majority-Muslim North Africa meets largely Christian sub-Saharan Africa. Human Rights Watch estimates that more than 1,000 people were killed there in riots in 2001. Last week the human rights organization alleged that police and soldiers killed at least 133 people during two days of riots last year between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria. Most of the victims were young Muslim men, often unarmed, the group said in testimony before a state commission. CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Noted author and social activist Howard Zinn died of a heart attack Wednesday while traveling, his daughter, Myla Kabat-Zinn, said. Zinn, author of ""A People's History of the United States,"" was 87. Kabat-Zinn said her father, who lived in Auburndale, Massachusetts,"" died while traveling in Santa Monica, California. ""A People's History of the United States,"" first published in 1980, tells a history not often in seen in other books -- from the perspective of those not in a seat of power. The book was the inspiration for a 2009 documentary, narrated by Zinn, called ""The People Speak."" The film highlighted people who spoke up for social change, according to the Web site of the History Channel, which aired the program. Zinn was a shipyard worker and Air Force bombardier before he went to college under the GI Bill and received a Ph.D. from Columbia University, according to his Web site. He taught at numerous universities, including Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia, and Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts. Kabat-Zinn said of her father that he lived a ""very full and exciting life"" and that there were many social issues that were very important to him. Above all, she said, her father believed that there is no ""just war."" Zinn's death on the day of President Obama's first State of the Union address was underscored by his contribution to a recently released special from The Nation magazine called ""Obama at One."" ""I've been searching hard for a highlight,"" he wrote. ""The only thing that comes close is some of Obama's rhetoric; I don't see any kind of a highlight in his actions and policies."" Zinn said he was not ""terribly disappointed because I didn't expect that much,"" noting that he has been ""a traditional Democratic president"" on foreign policy -- ""hardly any different from a Republican"" -- and has been cautious in domestic policy. ""On health care, for example, he starts out with a compromise, and when you start out with a compromise, you end with a compromise of a compromise, which is where we are now,"" Zinn said. Zinn also cautioned ""that Obama is going to be a mediocre president -- which means, in our time, a dangerous president -- unless there is some national movement to push him in a better direction."""
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- An $80 million research project aimed at giving people 50 active years after the age of 50 was launched by scientists at the University of Leeds in northern England Tuesday. The challenge is to ensure old people stay as fit as Brisbane centenarian Ruth Frith, seen competing at shot put during World Masters Games in Sydney this month. About half of the babies born in Western countries today will live until they are 100 years old, according to recent research published in the medical journal The Lancet, so the challenge is to ensure they remain active throughout their old age. While most of us will live longer than our parents and grandparents, the aging population means that in coming decades more people will suffer from age-related conditions such as osteoarthritis, heart disease and chronic back pain. Obesity and increased physical activity also put more pressure on our joints, causing them to wear out faster. Scientists at Leeds University envisage that many of the body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded using own-grown tissues and more durable implants. This will mean artificial hips, knees and heart valves, for example, lasting far longer than the current 20-year typical lifespan. ""Our work is driven by the concept of 50 more years after 50 -- that is, making our second 50 years of life as healthy, comfortable and active as our first, so we can enjoy a higher quality of life,"" explains Professor John Fisher, who is an expert in artificial joints and tissue regeneration. ""We now have the technology available to do astonishing things, such as repairing the body by growing healthy new tissue through biological scaffolds and stem cell therapy. And a new generation of prosthetic hip and knee joints that last longer will avoid the need for further replacements."" Fisher says the center also hopes to gain a better understanding of degenerative diseases to allow for early diagnosis, rather than having to treat someone when they are already in crippling pain. ""For example, we're developing biosensor tools that can detect the presence of antibodies and proteins in the blood. All of these technologies will ultimately reduce suffering in patients through more timely interventions, shorter hospital stays and quicker recovery times."" So how do you feel about this. Are you looking forward to your old age? Do you believe you will remain active? Click here to send us your comments and we will try to use as many as possible in tonight's show."
"(CNN)  -- A car bomb exploded outside a British army base in Northern Ireland early Monday, injuring one person. The blast went off about 12:30 a.m. (7:30 p.m. Sunday ET) outside the Palace Barracks in the Belfast neighborhood of Holywood where Britain's MI5 intelligence service has its regional headquarters. The incident occurred just 30 minutes after police powers were transferred from London to Belfast. According to a statement from the Police Service of Northern Ireland, the bomb was placed in a stolen taxi which had been hijacked late Sunday in North Belfast. The taxi driver was held by three males for almost two hours before being told to drive his silver Skoda to the base. Police added that security staff at the facility were made aware of the abandoned vehicle just before midnight and commenced evacuation procedures. One elderly male, who was walking past the barracks at the time of the explosion, sustained minor injuries after the bomb detonated. There was no immediate report of a claim of responsibility for the blast, though the BBC reported that the Real IRA, a republican splinter group, admitted being behind the attack. ""Clearly the people responsible for this showed absolutely no regard for human life,"" said local police commander, Chief Superintendent Nigel Grimshaw. ""There is no question in my mind, this was designed for one thing and one thing only -- to kill or cause serious injury to people and that's exactly what it would have done were it not for the actions of my officers and military colleagues in the Barracks and the community themselves working together. ""Thankfully we were able to evacuate people from the immediate area of the explosion. ""The people responsible for this cowardly attack refuse to accept that Northern Ireland is moving on and that peace is working here. They are callous criminals who simply want to drag everyone back to the past to suit their misguided objectives."" Recent attacks in Northern Ireland have been blamed on dissident Irish republicans who reject the 1998 Good Friday accords, which sharply reduced violence in the British-ruled province. Northern Ireland was wracked for decades by violence between pro-British unionists and republicans who wanted Northern Ireland to join the rest of Ireland. About 3,000 people died in the ""Troubles,"" as the violence was known, before the tenuous peace agreement was hammered out. There has been sporadic violence since then. A booby-trapped car exploded on January 8, severely injuring Constable Peadar Heffron. A car bomb partly exploded outside the headquarters of the Policing Board of Northern Ireland on November 21, and another under-car booby trap exploded on October 22 in east Belfast, injuring a woman, the PSNI said."
"London (CNN) -- Actor Hugh Grant tried to persuade photographers stalking the mother of his child to leave her alone, but they just said: ""Show us the baby,"" he told British lawmakers Monday. ""Do you really think this is a way for grown men to be behaving?"" he said he had asked paparazzi staked out at the home of the woman, but they ignored him. Grant was part of a panel of celebrities testifying before lawmakers examining press ethics amid scandals about phone hacking and police bribery by journalists. Comic Steve Coogan and former motor racing boss Max Mosley were also on the panel, alongside member of Parliament Zac Goldsmith. The witnesses were asked how much it cost to fight newspapers . ""You've got to risk a million pounds to get justice,"" said Mosley, who successfully sued the now-defunct News of the World tabloid for libel. Coogan said it had cost him 15,000 to 20,000 pounds ($23,500 to $31,400) to have lawyers get a court order to keep a newspaper from publishing a story about one of his relatives, and he said he had spent ""over 200,000 pounds"" over the hacking of his phone by journalists. Mosley also talked about the difference between defamation and invasion of privacy. Mosley sued the News of the World after it ran a front-page article claiming he had organized a Nazi-themed orgy with multiple prostitutes. A court found in his favor, saying there was no Nazi element to the event. ""If the News of the World had been forced to run a front-page picture with the statement 'Actually, this was a private orgy,' it wouldn't have done me much good,"" he said to laughter. The hearing is separate from a government-backed inquiry into press ethics. The Leveson Inquiry was set up in response to outrage at revelations of the scale of illegal eavesdropping and police bribery on behalf of News of the World, which was shut down in July over the scandal. Police are separately investigating phone hacking, computer hacking and bribery. They say that about 5,800 people, including celebrities, crime victims, politicians and members of the royal family, were targets of the practice by journalists in search of stories. Phone hacking involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely."
(CNN) -- Australian Open champion Serena Williams has pulled out of next week's Paris Indoor Open due to a leg injury. The world No. 1 picked up the problem on the way to winning the opening Grand Slam tournament for the fifth time last month, the French event's organizers said on Saturday. Seventh-ranked Elena Dementieva will take the American's place as top seed, with Italian No. 12 Flavia Pennetta second and Yanina Wickmayer of Belgium third. Williams has won the Paris title twice, beating former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo in the final both times. The Frenchwoman won it for a record third time last year but has now retired. Meanwhile, last year's losing finalists the United States made a strong start without Williams in their Fed Cup first-round clash with France in Lievin on Saturday. Bethanie Mattek-Sands defeated Alize Cornet 7-6 (9-7) 7-5 for her first singles win in the women's teams tournament, while Melanie Oudin beat debutant Pauline Parmentier 6-4 6-4 in the second rubber. The winner of the tie will play either Serbia or Russia in the semifinals, with reverse singles on Sunday before the possibly decisive doubles. Svetlana Kuznetsova gave Russia, beaten by Italy in last year's semifinals, a 1-0 lead when she defeated former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic 6-1 6-4. But Jelena Jankovic, another ex top-ranked player, came from behind to level the tie by beating Alisa Kleybanova 4-6 6-4 6-0 as she won the last 11 games in a match lasting two hours and 18 minutes. Pennetta helped defending champions Italy to end the day level 1-1 with Ukraine, beating Kateryna Bondarenko 7-5 6-3 after Francesca Schiavone lost the opening match 6-1 6-4 to the elder Bondarenko sister Alona in Kharkiv. Alona's win was the Ukraine's first at World Group level. The winner of the tie will face either the Czech Republic or Germany in the last four, with that clash also tied at 1-1. Anna-Lena Groenefeld put Germany ahead in Brno with a 6-2 6-2 victory over Lucie Safarova, but Petra Kvitova leveled for the hosts with a 6-4 6-4 win against Andrea Petkovic.
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- As President Obama marks his 100th day in office, most recent national polls indicate that more than six in 10 Americans approve of the job he's doing as president. Polls reflect that most Americans approve of President Obama's performance during his first 100 days in office. According to a CNN poll of polls compiled Wednesday, 63 percent said they approve of how Obama is handling his duties. Twenty-nine percent disapprove. The rating is down 3 percentage points from CNN's previous poll of polls, which was compiled Sunday. The president's approval rating stood at 64 percent in a CNN poll of polls in January shortly after his inauguration. ""The number of Americans who think Obama has the right personal qualities to be president has gone up since the campaign last fall,"" said Keating Holland, CNN's polling director.  ""That wasn't true for George W. Bush eight years ago, and it may be one reason why Obama's approval rating is still in the 60s."" How does Obama compare with his predecessors around the first 100-days mark? Bush stood at 62 percent in a CNN/USA Today/Gallup Poll in April 2001; Bill Clinton at 55 percent in a CNN/USA Today/Gallup Poll in April 1993; George H.W. Bush at 58 percent in a Gallup Poll from April 1989; and Ronald Reagan at 67 percent in a Gallup Poll in April 1981. ""The 100-day mark tends to fall during a period when Americans are still evaluating a new president. The danger period for most presidents comes later in their first year in office,"" Holland said. ""Bill Clinton, for example, still had good marks after his first 100 days, but his approval rating had tanked by June of 1993. Ronald Reagan's approval rating stayed over 50 percent until November of his first year in office, but once it slipped below that mark, it stayed under 50 percent for two years. So Obama's current rating certainly does not indicate that he is out of the woods yet."" The most recent edition of the CNN poll of polls is an average of seven national surveys taken over the past week: CNN/Opinion Research Corp. (April 23-26), ABC/Washington Post (April 21-24), Fox/Opinion Dynamics (April 22-23), CBS/The New York Times (April 22-26), Marist (April 21-23), Quinnipiac (April 21-27) and the Gallup tracking poll (April 25-27). iReport.com: Grade the first 100 days . The poll of polls does not have a sampling error."
PARIS, France (CNN)  -- No matter when you go, Paris has that certain 'je ne sais quoi' that makes it special. But time your visit right and you could find yourself taking part in one of the city's signature events. Ice skating in front of the grand facade of the Hotel de Ville on a crisp winter day. Fashion Weeks Paris is eponymous with style, and fashionistas will be in seventh heaven during the city's haute couture fashion weeks, in January and June/July each year. Celeb-spotting, cooing over clothes and scrambling for a seat at Galliano are par for the course: just make sure your image is up to it. Bastille Day If freedom and fireworks are your thing, what better time to be in Paris than 14 July, or Bastille Day, when you can celebrate the storming of the hated prison, symbol of repression and aristocratic excess. Watch the military parade down the Champs Elysees, enjoy the Eiffel Tower fireworks from the Champ de Mars, and raise a glass to liberte, egalite and fraternite. No guillotines allowed -- and most of the metros are closed, so be prepared to walk home. Paris Plages It's still true that many of Paris' residents leave the city in August, shutting up shop and heading to the beach, but for the past few years the Paris Plages have brought that holiday feel to the city. Sand dunes, swimming pools and petanque are all things you might associate with France's south coast resorts, but all can be found on the riverbank from late July until late August each year. The FIAC (International Fair of Contemporary Art) October's Foire Internationale d'Art Contemporain (FIAC) sees gallery-owners and collectors of contemporary art descend on the Louvre and the Grand Palais for one of the art world's major dates. There's an emphasis on up-and-coming artists and newer galleries from across Europe. Works of art in all media -- painting, drawing, prints, photography, sculpture and more -- are on display and available to purchase. Ice skating in front of Hotel de Ville If you like your outdoor pursuits to be frosty and free, you'll love the ice rink that's outside the Hotel de Ville every December until March. Rent your skates or bring your own and glide around the rink, hand in hand with a loved one, gazing at the beautiful buildings that surround the square, then warm up with a chocolat chaud at a nearby cafe. Could Paris be any more romantic?
"(CNN) -- A ""faulty"" flight instrument contributed to the crash of a Turkish plane last month in the Netherlands, an accident that killed nine people and injured more than 60 others, Dutch safety authorities said on Wednesday. Turkish Airlines workers carry the coffins of four staff who died in the crash. On February 25, Turkish Airlines Flight 1951 from Istanbul to Amsterdam dropped from the sky on approach to the landing strip at Schiphol Airport, shattering into three pieces in a muddy field. Pieter van Vollenhoven, head of the Dutch Safety Board, said the instrument was one of the plane's two altimeters, which measure altitude. Because of the ""faulty"" left altimeter, the plane on automatic pilot reacted as if it were lower than it was and started to behave as if it was touching down. The plane was at 700 meters but the instrument indicated that it was at ground level. This caused the automatic throttles to slow the plane down, leading to a loss of speed. The plane was on automatic pilot when it crashed. Van Vollenhoven said there had been misty weather and if it were clearer then the pilots might have noticed how far up they were. He said that if such instruments don't function, automatic pilots should not be used for landings. Investigators said there had been faulty meter readings on two other flights but the pilots were able to land. Van Vollenhoven said that the pilots realized the problem but failed to appreciate what had been happening until it was too late. In the immediate aftermath of the crash investigators said the plane fell almost vertically to the ground indicating the aircraft did not have enough forward speed. The plane crash less than 500 yards short of the runway. Passengers described feeling the plane suddenly drop before impact, and at least one passenger said he heard the pilot trying to give more power to the engines before it went down. Four of the crew and three Boeing employees were among the nine people killed in the crash. Turkey's flagship airline is well-rated internationally for its overall safety record and the Boeing 737-800 has a good safety record. The last previous fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed as it tried to return to Schiphol shortly after takeoff."
"(CNN) -- World champion Jenson Button fired a warning to his 2010 title rivals that he will be just as quick with new team McLaren after setting the fastest time of the pre-season testing sessions in Jerez. The British driver, who left Brawn ahead of the manufacturers' champions takeover by Mercedes following the capture of his maiden drivers' crown, ended the eight days at the Spanish circuit top of the timesheets on Saturday following a best effort of one minute 18.871 seconds. That run put the 30-year-old ahead of the 1:19.299 set by Red Bull's Mark Webber on Friday and the 1:19.583 recorded by new McLaren teammate and 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton last week. McLaren reported on their Web site that Button was ""very comfortable and confident in the car"" as he completed 108 laps in his third test with the team ahead of the final sessions in Barcelona next week. ""Both drivers will spend alternate days in the car evaluating the new bodywork and aerodynamic components ahead of the season-opener in Bahrain on March 14,"" McLaren said. Renault's new signing Robert Kubica was second fastest in Saturday's sessions, completing 117 laps in long runs in the R30. Sauber's Kamui Kobayashi was third quickest over a similar distance ahead of Force India's Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg in a Mercedes after the German took over from Michael Schumacher. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso was sixth, while Webber was back in eighth after his RB6 could manage only 88 laps after an engine failure. Meanwhile, struggling new team Campos hope to be on the grid in Bahrain after confirming that shareholder Jose Ramon Carabante has now taken a controlling stake. The Spaniard has appointed former Force India boss Colin Kolles as team principal of an outfit which has just one confirmed driver, Bruno Senna. ""I would like to thank Bernie Ecclestone, who worked tremendously to support our efforts to keep the team viable,"" Carabante told F1's official Web site. ""The whole rescue operation has been a race against time with the goal of always having the team run two competitive cars at the first Grand Prix of the F1 season. ""We have a lot of hard work still ahead of us but we are excited about making our F1 debut and looking forward to a competitive season."""
"PARIS, France (CNN) -- The French are in for a significant cultural shift next week if the Senate approves a new law from President Nicolas Sarkozy to allow more shops to open on Sundays. The law would permit shops, department stores, and shopping malls to open on Sundays in 20 zones. What seems routine in much of the Western world has been fiercely resisted in France, where Sundays have officially been set aside as a day of rest for more than a century and where a 35-hour workweek remains the norm. The new legislation, if approved by the Senate, would overturn a 1906 law that forbids Sunday trading in all but the largest cities. It is part of a raft of reforms Sarkozy has pushed for since becoming president. While the change is significant, it is not as much as the government originally hoped because Sarkozy had to deal with opposition from both the left and the right. Socialists filed thousands of amendments to the president's original version of the law. Leftists and unions said it would effectively introduce a seven-day workweek and allow bosses to force employees to work Sundays. Members of the president's own ruling conservative party opposed the law despite assurances it would boost economic activity, saying it would instead deprive families and church groups of their dedicated day. If approved by the Senate, the law would permit shops, department stores, and shopping malls to open on Sundays in 20 zones of what are called ""exceptional commercial"" centers near three of the country's largest cities: Paris, Marseilles, and Lille. Additionally, 29 areas involving about 500 cities and towns would be added to the list of tourist areas, which already allow some economic activity on Sundays. The new law will, among other things, straighten out a somewhat chaotic situation in which some stores managed to obtain exceptions from the old law and others didn't, and where some stores found it made more sense financially to accept fines for breaking the old law because the income from Sunday sales more than made up for the penalties. The measure passed the National Assembly last Tuesday by a vote of 282 to 238. It will go the Senate for three days of debate next Tuesday, where it is almost certain to be approved. Opinion polls in France show that slightly more than half the population want shops to have the freedom to open on Sundays, according to Time magazine. CNN's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The International Cricket Council has pointed to a lack of ""compelling evidence"" to support match-fixing claims relating to a one-day match between England and Pakistan in September. British newspaper The Sun claimed it had proof that bookmakers knew details of scoring patterns in Pakistan's innings before the match at The Oval in London began. That allegation prompted the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board, Ijaz Butt, to claim there was talk in bookmakers circles that England's players had been paid ""enormous amounts of money"" to lose the match. Butt later withdrew his comments after the England team threatened to take legal action against him. Now the ICC's anti-corruption and security unit (ACSU) has dropped its investigation into the match, saying there isn't strong enough evidence. A statement on the ICC's official website read: ""The ACSU has verified all the available information and concluded that there was no compelling evidence to suspect individual players or support staff. ""The investigation is now complete but if new and corroborating evidence comes to light then clearly the ACSU will re-open the matter."" The ICC said they would not comment on the case featuring three Pakistan players -- Salman Butt, Mohammad Amir and Mohammad Asif -- who are currently suspended after claims of spot-fixing during the Test series with England, but they did maintain their determination to clean up the game. ICC President Sharad Pawar said: ""We have stressed that we will not tolerate any form of corruption in cricket and that we will work tirelessly to root out those who have acted in a way which brings cricket into disrepute. ""The future of our great sport depends on the public maintaining their confidence in the games they are watching. We owe it to every player, administrator, every cricket lover to win this battle against a very small minority who may wish to corrupt this game."" The ICC also said its Pakistan Task Team will work with the PCB to ""carry out any reforms which may be deemed necessary to restore confidence in the administration of the game in Pakistan."" The ICC also confirmed their intention to pave the way for a world Test championship starting in 2013. It would mean a playoff between the top four ranked Test teams every four years. ""We have agreed in principle to exciting and far-reaching proposals to tackle this most important issue,"" said ICC chief executive Haroon Lorgat. ""The proposals, especially introducing more meaningful context, means we now have the potential to follow international cricket that is even more exciting."""
"(CNN) -- Police in southern Afghanistan have arrested the father-in-law of a woman whose nose and ears were chopped off after she was accused of bringing shame to her family. Authorities in Oruzgan province said Haji Sulaiman, 45, was the one who held Bibi Aisha at gunpoint and ordered five others -- including her husband -- to cut her. Juma Hemat, the Oruzgan police chief, said the arrest took place about two weeks ago and that Sulaiman confessed to the crime. Read a behind-the-scenes with Aisha then and now . ""The file of Sulaiman was completed by police and submitted to the attorney general's office in Oruzgan province,"" he said. 'Bibi' and 'Haji' are both honorifics -- 'Bibi' meaning 'lady,' and 'Haji' a term of respect for someone who has performed the pilgrimage to Mecca that is required of all able-bodied Muslims. Read more about Aisha's story . ""When they cut off my nose and ears, I passed out,"" Aisha said, describing the attack to CNN in March. ""It felt like there was cold water in my nose. I opened my eyes, and I couldn't even see because of all the blood."" Aisha said her mutilation was an act of Taliban justice for the crime of shaming her husband's family. At 16, she was handed over to her husband's father and 10 brothers, whom she claims were all members of the Taliban in Oruzgan. ""I spent two years with them and became a prisoner,"" she said. She eventually ran away but was caught by police in Kandahar. And although running away is not a crime, in places throughout Afghanistan, it is treated as such if one is a woman. Eventually her father-in-law found her and took her back to her abusive home. She was taken to a Taliban court for dishonoring her husband's family. The court ruled that her nose and ears must be cut off, an act carried out by the six men in the mountains of Oruzgan, where they left her to die. But she survived. She was brought to the United States where she received reconstructive surgery and a new life. CNN's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report ."
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Security forces patrolled the streets of the eastern Pakistan city of Gojra on Sunday, one day after seven people were killed and 20 injured when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out, authorities said. Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday over the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village. Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday, and held a rally to protest such an act. The Quran is the Muslim sacred text. Shehbaz Bhatti, federal minister for minorities, told CNN that four women, two men and a child, all Christians, were either killed when their houses were burned or were shot to death. Some 50 houses were burned down and more than 100 were looted by the protesters, Bhatti said. The incident occurred in Gojra City, 160 kilometers or around 100 miles southwest of Lahore. No violence was reported Sunday, Punjab Provisional Minister Rana Sana Ullah told CNN. There was a demonstration by about a thousand Christians who refused to bury their dead until the government registered a criminal case against those they alleged to have carried out the attacks. The government would register a criminal case, Sana Ullah said. Registering a case means a criminal investigation will be opened. Sana Ullah added that the government strongly condemned the incident. He said the attack was not a sectarian issue, but rather terrorism. He blamed the incident on attackers with ties to militants in Northwest Pakistan, where the government is carrying out an offensive against Taliban groups. On Thursday, 15 Christian houses in the region were also torched. Pakistan is predominantly Muslim but has a small Christian community. Meanwhile, police in Islamabad reported the Friday arrest of an al Qaeda member thought to be involved in several attacks. Bin Yamin, a senior police official in Islamabad, identified the militant as Rao Shakir Ali. He is suspected of being involved in strikes on several targets, such as the Danish Embassy, police and a hotel, and is also suspected of targeting a rally for Chief Justice Iftikhar Chauhdary, authorities said. The suspect is a resident of Sargodha, which is 165 kilometers (more than 100 miles) northwest of Lahore and has a house in Rawalpindi that has been used to facilitate insurgent acts, police said. CNN's Tim Schwarz and Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
"(Ars Technica)  -- Information about a keyboard being included in the ""Rock Band 3"" package was teased in the ""Green Day: Rock Band"" demo. We have now been given some exclusive information by our now-famous Mole about what we can expect from ""Rock Band 3."" Read on to find out what to expect from the instruments in the latest version of the game. It's the '80s! There won't actually be a keyboard peripheral sold with the game; instead there will be a keytar-like instrument supported. For those who didn't listen to much '80s music, a keytar is a sort of keyboard with a strap, held like a guitar. The keytar will be the only new instrument for the game. We were surprised that new instruments were being released at all, since Activision had noted that they were focusing on software and not hardware in order to cut costs. We figured Harmonix would follow what seemed to be a savvy strategy in a world already choked with peripherals. Harmonix will actually be doing something similar, and the peripherals will be created by an outside company. Mad Catz is bringing the instruments . Mad Catz will be creating all the ""Rock Band 3"" instruments and bundles; EA will only be distributing the software. Mad Catz will be offering many different bundles with different combinations of instruments available, and there will be bundles that are exclusive to certain retailers. If you have guitars, you'll be able to find a bundle for drums. If you need everything, that will be available as well. If a store doesn't want to be saddled with huge boxes, they can simply stock the game. This will allow the focus of the launch to be kept on the software, and we're told that there will be a ""pro"" mode included in the game that will require proper technique, and may lead to actual skills on guitars and bass. How this will work isn't known, but it's possible Mad Catz may create a product that more closely mimics an actual guitar. All this information is firmly in the rumor pile, excluding the Mad Catz connection, but our Mole has successfully broken more stories in gaming news and peripherals than anyone else in this business, so we're confident in this data. It also makes sense: Mad Catz has long had the license to release Rock Band peripherals, and large bundles suffer from thin margins and can be expensive to stock. Giving control of the hardware to a company who knows how to release and ship peripherals makes sense for everyone, and more bundles give retailers a new layer of granularity to stock items based on their needs. As for the keytar? We have no clue. Expect this information to be confirmed at E3. COPYRIGHT 2010 ARSTECHNICA.COM ."
"(CNN) -- Former world No. 1 Maria Sharapova has the chance to win her first title in a year after beating current top women's tennis player Caroline Wozniacki in the semifinals of the Rome Masters on Saturday. The Russian avenged her defeat by the Dane at the same stage of the Indian Wells hard-court event in March as she triumphed 7-5 6-3 on Italian clay. The seventh seed will take on last year's French Open runner-up Samantha Stosur in Sunday's final, having lost in four title matches since her 22nd career crown in Strasbourg 12 months ago. The Australian sixth seed earned her first WTA Tour final appearance since losing to Francesca Schiavone at Roland Garros last year when she beat China's Li Na 7-6 (8-6) 6-0 in the opening semi. ""After losing in the final of the French last year, I did struggle mentally for a little bit. It's not always easy to see the positives of a tournament after you lose,"" Stosur told the WTA Tour website after beating the 2011 Australian Open runner-up, who was fourth seed. ""I had played some good matches over the last 12 months but wasn't able to make it all the way to the end again -- I'm excited I've done it here in Rome."" Stosur has lost all seven encounters with Sharapova, but none of those matches have been on clay. ""It's the first time I'm playing her on clay and her best results have been on clay,"" Sharapova said. ""With every year I feel better and better on it. When I was first on tour I wasn't the strongest, I didn't have the strongest legs and I didn't find it easy to recover from one match to the next, but I've improved on that."" Sharapova and Wozniacki both struggled to hold their own serve, but the three-time grand slam champion fired 36 winners to her younger opponent's 15. Sharapova, who has yet to reach a French Open final despite winning the Australian, U.S. and Wimbledon crowns, rattled off five games in a row to clinch the match after trailing 3-1 in the second set. She also beat Wozniacki in the last 16 in Rome in 2008, and now has a 3-2 edge in meetings with the 20-year-old after two successive defeats."
"(CNN) -- Police are searching for any other alleged victims of a Sunday school teacher accused of raping and killing an 8-year-old girl from Tracy, California. Melissa Huckaby is charged with killing 8-year-old Sandra Cantu, who was a friend of her own daughter. ""We are asking the public if they have any indication that any of their children may have had inappropriate contact with [the suspect] to contact us,"" Tracy Police Sgt. Tony Sheneman said Tuesday evening. ""There has been no indication that this has happened. But she is a Sunday school teacher and did have contact with children, so that is why we are asking."" Melissa Huckaby, 28, was arrested and charged with killing and raping 8-year-old Sandra Cantu, a friend of her 5-year-old daughter. Huckaby, wearing red jail scrubs over a white T-shirt, was in court Tuesday for an arraignment. She was charged with murder, kidnapping, the performance of a lewd and lascivious act on a child under 14 and rape by instrument. If convicted, Huckaby would face the death penalty or life in prison without parole, San Joaquin County District Attorney James Willett told reporters after the hearing. A decision on whether to seek the death penalty will be made later, he said. Huckaby did not enter a plea or speak during the court hearing, although she flinched when Sandra Cantu's name was spoken, and she cried at times. Sandra's body was found April 6, stuffed into a suitcase and submerged in a pond at a dairy farm. Huckaby was arrested Friday night after questioning by police. Sandra was last seen alive March 27 in the mobile home park where she lived with her family -- the same mobile home park where Huckaby lives with her daughter. The two children were close friends and played together frequently, police said. Huckaby is the granddaughter of Clifford Lane Lawless, pastor of Clover Road Baptist Church near the mobile home park, and she taught Sunday school at the church, police have said. The church was searched as part of the investigation into Sandra's disappearance and death. Before her arrest, Huckaby acknowledged to a newspaper reporter that she owned the suitcase that contained Sandra's body. But Huckaby said the suitcase had been stolen. Willett declined to comment on any of the evidence or allegations in the case, saying evidence would be presented in court. A memorial ceremony is scheduled for Sandra at 1 p.m. Thursday at a high school in Tracy, police said. -- CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report."
"Beijing, China (CNN) -- China on Tuesday stepped up criticism of Norway and the awarding of the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to Liu Xiaobo, a leading Chinese dissident. Liu is serving an 11-year prison term after repeatedly calling for human rights and democratization. ""The Norwegian Nobel committee's decision to give Liu the Nobel Peace Prize will damage bilateral relations. There is reason for every Chinese person to be unhappy,"" Ma Zhaoxu, spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said at a news briefing. ""We already made our position clear. Since reform and opening up, China has made remarkable progress,"" Ma said. ""By giving a convicted person the Nobel Peace Prize, they show no respect for China's judicial system."" ""It not only disrespects China, but also reveals their true intentions. If you try to change China's political system from the outside, or if they are trying to stop Chinese people from moving forward, that is obviously making a mistake,"" he added. Liu was sentenced in 2009 for inciting subversion of state power. He is the co-author of Charter 08, a call for political reform and human rights, and was an adviser to the student protesters at Tiananmen Square in 1989. Asked about Liu's wife, Liu Xia, Ma responded: ""I do not know who you are talking about. I am not familiar with this person."" Liu Xia remains under house arrest in Beijing and has been banned from talking to friends or media, Liu Xiaobo's lawyer said. She is trying to visit the attorney to discuss an appeal to her husband's sentence. ""She is negotiating with the police on the terms of the visit,"" Shang Baojun, the lawyer, told CNN. ""The issue of an appeal is not if, but when and how."" Shang confirmed that Liu Xia said her husband wanted her to go to Oslo to accept the award in December, but he is not optimistic about the prospect. ""It's way too early to think about her Norway trip, considering she can't even leave her house,"" he said. Liu Xia briefly re-gained phone access Tuesday, talking to Shang and several friends, as well as a few media outlets, from a new mobile phone after police broke her old one. The new number has been disconnected again, her friends tweeted Tuesday evening. On U.S. President Barack Obama's call for Liu's release, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma said: ""We oppose anyone making issue of this and anyone interfering in China's internal affairs."" Asked whether Liu might be allowed to collect his Nobel in person, Ma said that, as a criminal, what he can or can't do is determined by China's legal system."
TAIPEI, Taiwan (CNN) -- Former Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian was convicted Friday on corruption and money laundering charges, and was sentenced to life in prison, according to officials at Taipei City Court. Former Taiwan president Chen Shui-bian walks inside the Taipei Detention Centre in Tucheng on Friday. He was fined 200 million New Taiwan dollars (U.S.$6.1 million) as well. Chen's wife, Wu Shu-chen, who earlier had been convicted of lying to prosecutors, also was convicted on similar charges. She received a life sentence and was fined 300 million New Taiwan dollars (U.S. $9.1 million), according to the Central News Agency, Taiwan's official news agency. The former president was not at the courthouse when the verdict was read. He had asked to be excused and was being held at a detention center. Supporters of Chen gathered outside the courthouse hours before the verdict, wearing bright-green shirts, and carrying yellow balloons and banners. Riot police stood by in case the crowd got out of control as they protested the verdict. The former president's corruption trial began in March. It is the first for a former head of state, and has gripped the island for months. He has denied wrongdoing and has said the charges are politically motivated. Prosecutors say Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars (U.S.$17.7 million), took bribes, laundered money and illegally removed classified documents from the president's office. Chen has countered that the bribe money was actually political donations. He has also said that a special presidential fund from which he is accused of embezzling does not clearly say what the money can and cannot be used for. Ahead of Friday's verdict, the island's former first lady was sentenced to a year in prison for lying in her husband's corruption case. Wu was convicted on charges that she helped her son, daughter and son-in-law provide false testimony. Prosecutors said the former first couple's son has a Swiss bank account with $22 million they think are illegal proceeds. The challenge for prosecutors was to prove that Chen handed out political favors in exchange for money. The former president said he was being persecuted politically by his successor. Chen's party favors independence for Taiwan. His successor, President Ma Ying-jeou, favors closer ties with mainland China. Journalist Yin Chen contributed to this report.
"Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- President Ali Abdullah Saleh plans to return to Yemen following the investigation into his attempted assassination, a government spokesman said. The announcement follows claims weeks ago by the Yemeni government it had completed the investigation, accusing two leading opposition figures of planning the June palace bombing that left Saleh with severe burns and shrapnel wounds. The Yemeni government switched gears Sunday, saying the investigation was nearly complete. Abdu Ganadi, the government spokesman, did not say when it would be finished nor whether those accused earlier were still considered suspects. ""I cannot give you a specific time of when President Saleh will arrive. But I can assure you that after the palace bombing investigation is over, the president will be back,"" Ganadi said. The Yemeni political crisis started January 16, when youth protesters took to the streets demanding Saleh's resignation. Fears of all-out civil war have spiked in recent months as government forces and people alleged to be Hashed tribesmen slugged it out in the capital. Saleh, who has been faced with widespread anti-government sentiment and militant activity, has been urged to accept a political transition plan that will lead to his departure. He has been in Saudi Arabia for treatment of wounds he suffered in a June 3 attack on his palace. Some see the timing of Ganadi's announcement as a tactic by Saleh to delay stepping down from power. Saleh said in March he would leave office by the end of the year. ""If Saleh leaves office before the end of the year, history will report it that he was ousted by the revolution,"" said Ali Abdul Jabbar, an analyst and the director of the Sanaa-based Dar Ashraf Research Center. Opposition members, though, see it as a way for Saleh to avoid returning to Yemen to face possible criminal prosecution. ""The opposition and revolution youth hope that Ali Abdullah Saleh comes back to Yemen so that they can try him for all the crimes he committed against the people over the last 33 years,"" said Hamid al-Ahmar, a leading opposition figure. Ahmar, the opposition's wealthiest businessman, and Ali Mohsen, the most powerful military leader in the country, were accused by the Yemeni government on August 18 of planning the palace attack."
"(CNN)  -- Russia and South Ossetia have strongly denied news reports that a motorcade carrying the presidents of Georgia and Poland came under fire, calling the claims ""a provocation"" meant to destabilize the region. Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili, said there were ""unpredictable people"" in the area. ""This is a real provocation,"" Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told journalists on Monday. ""It is not the first time that such things have happened: First they mastermind everything themselves and then accuse the Russian or the Ossetian side."" Eduard Kokoity, president of the breakaway region of South Ossetia, added: ""Today's event was a deliberate provocative act of the Georgian and Polish presidents targeted at regional destabilization."" Kokoity made his comments to the Russian news agency, Interfax. The motorcade, carrying Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski, was passing a checkpoint near Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region -- site of intense conflict between Russian and Georgian troops in August -- when shots were fired Sunday, according to the Georgian Interior Ministry. The motorcade was not hit and there were no injuries, the Georgian Interior Ministry said. No other shooting was reported in the area. The shots were fired from Russian-controlled territory as the motorcade passed, the ministry said. Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Grigory Karasin denied the gunfire came from its army positions. ""This is one more instance of wishful thinking on the part of Georgia,"" he told reporters. After the incident, Saakashvili told reporters he would not have taken his Polish counterpart into danger intentionally and that the incident showed ""you are dealing with unpredictable people"" in the disputed area. Kokoity, the South Ossetian president, countered that the Polish and Georgian presidents need to answer questions whether they informed European Union monitors of their trip. Tensions have remained high in the area since fighting between Russian and Georgian troops broke out in August. Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia, a Russian-backed separatist territory, on August 7. The following day, Russian tanks, troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian territory, Abkhazia, advancing into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions. The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict and have accused each other of a variety of offenses leading up to and during the fighting, including ethnic cleansing."
"JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (CNN)  -- South Africa has refused the Dalai Lama a visa to attend an international peace conference in Johannesburg this week, a presidential spokesman said. The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule. The Tibetan spiritual leader and Nobel Laureate did not receive a visa because it was not in South Africa's interest for him to attend, said Thabo Masebe. South Africa thinks that, if the Dalai Lama attended the conference, the focus would shift away from the 2010 World Cup -- the global soccer championship it will host next year. ""We cannot allow focus to shift to China and Tibet,"" Masebe said, adding that South Africa has gained much from its trading relationship with China. The Dalai Lama's fellow laureate, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, said he would boycott the event.  Watch the controversy surrounding South Africa's decision  . Former president F.W. De Klerk, another laureate, backed Tutu, saying in a statement that he would also not participate in the conference if the Dalai Lama remained excluded. De Klerk said that the decision to refuse the visa made a ""mockery"" of the peace conference. ""The decision to exclude the Dalai Lama is irreconcilable with key principles on which our society is based including the principles of accountability, openness and responsiveness and the rights to freedom of expression and free political activity,"" he said. ""South Africa is a sovereign constitutional democracy and should not allow other countries to dictate to it regarding who it should, and should not admit to its territory - regardless of the power and influence of the country."" A representative of the Dalai Lama said he was not surprised by the decision. The Tibetan government in exile thinks that China has pressured many countries to refuse a visit by the Dalai Lama, according to Chhime Chhoekyapa, an aide in Dharamsala, India. The Dalai Lama fled China in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule. The peace conference was billed as an opportunity to showcase South Africa's role as a human-rights champion ahead of its hosting of soccer's World Cup next year. It was to bring together Noble Laureates and top soccer officials. In addition to Tutu and De Klerk, laureates Nelson Mandela and Martti Ahtisaari, Sepp Blatter, president of soccer's international governing body, and actress Charlize Theron were invited to attend. The event had the blessing of the Nobel Committee."
(CNN) -- Torrential rainfall unleashed flooding and spawned a rare tornado warning in California on Tuesday as a series of storms moved through, with more expected Wednesday and Thursday. Weather-related problems also affected Northern California, where Fresno's Yosemite International Airport lost the ability to send passengers through security because of a power outage. Landings and takeoffs were not affected, because a backup system kicked in, said Vikkie Calderon, airport spokeswoman. However, the backup system for the lobby did not kick in. Airlines were remotely checking passengers in Tuesday afternoon, but the outage prevented security screenings until power was restored, Calderon said. By midafternoon, security screenings had resumed. In Southern California, a possible tornado was reported in Huntington Beach by the Orange County emergency manager, the National Weather Service reported. Boats in the nearby harbor and some buildings in the area were damaged, and a vehicle was flipped. As of Tuesday afternoon, about 50 people were in the process of being evacuated from homes in the San Pedro area of Los Angeles because of severe flooding, according to Los Angeles Police Department Officer Gregory Baek. About 20 vehicle rescues took place in the same area, he said. Video from CNN affiliate KCAL showed flooding in Long Beach, where a boater was using a raft to navigate flooded streets lined by cars with water up over their headlights. Watch and read KCAL's reports . A rare tornado warning was issued Tuesday afternoon for southeastern Orange County, including the cities of Mission Viejo and San Clemente, and northwestern San Diego County, including the cities of Oceanside and Carlsbad. The National Weather Service said radar indicated a severe thunderstorm capable of producing a tornado. A 93 mph wind gust was reported by lifeguards at the Newport Beach pier, the weather service said. Gusts of 72 mph and 73 mph were also measured. Are you there? Send us your stories and images. Piers in Orange County were closed because of high surf, according to the Orange County Fire Authority. There were some reports of damage and flooding, but no known injuries, officials said. Forecasters warned the rainfall could trigger slides in recent burn areas and also warned about damaging winds. Some areas received as much as 3 inches of rain on Monday and could see an additional 2 inches Tuesday, the weather service said. Even stronger storms, with heavy rain and powerful winds, are forecast to hit the region Wednesday and Thursday. Wind and rain prompted power outages Monday in Southern California, according to Southern California Edison. CNN's Sara Pratley, Chad Myers, Rosalina Nieves and Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report.
"(CNN)  -- The search continued Tuesday for as many as 67 people missing after a boat carrying about 200 Haitians capsized, the U.S. Coast Guard said. The U.S. Coast Guard intercepted this crowded boat last week and repatriated its occupants to Haiti. The boat overturned Monday off Turks and Caicos, a British territory about 550 miles southeast of Miami, Florida. Searchers aboard boats and aircraft have rescued 118 passengers and found 15 bodies, said Petty Officer Jennifer Johnson, a Coast Guard spokeswoman, on Tuesday morning. The Coast Guard described the boat's occupants as migrants from Haiti. The overcrowded vessel was believed to have set sail from the Haitian port of Cap Haitien, the Turks and Caicos Sun newspaper reported. The search resumed at dawn Tuesday after being suspended because of darkness Monday night, Johnson said. The Coast Guard is contributing one boat, the 210-foot cutter Valiant, and three aircraft to the search, Johnson said. The aircraft are a Falcon jet out of Miami, an HH-60 helicopter and a slow-flying C-130 cargo plane out of Clearwater, Florida.  Watch Coast Guard rescue Haitians after boat capsizes  . ""If the weather and conditions are right, [the C-130] can fly really low,"" Johnson said. ""It makes a fantastic search aircraft."" Turks and Caicos authorities are using small boats in the search, she said. About 70 people were plucked Monday from a reef near the island group, authorities said. Four other bodies were found, though it was unclear which authorities located them. A nurse at Myrtle Rigby Hospital in the Turks and Caicos said that about 70 people were brought there, including four who had died. Five people were admitted to the hospital, and the others had minor injuries, the nurse said. The Coast Guard said it intercepted another ""grossly overloaded"" boat, with 124 Haitians aboard, late last week in the same region. Those migrants were returned to Cap Haitien on Monday. Overloaded vessels can quickly lose stability and capsize, sending migrants into the water, a Coast Guard release said. CNN's Jim Kavanagh and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The number of illegal immigrants living in the United States continues to decline from a peak in 2007, according to a report released Wednesday by the Pew Hispanic Center. The center estimated that in March 2009 -- the most recent figures -- there were 11.1 million unauthorized immigrants in the country, compared to 12 million in March 2007. ""The decrease represents the first significant reversal in the growth of this population over the past two decades,"" the report states. The report does not discuss what factors could be behind the decrease. The decrease represents an 8 percent decline from 2007 to 2009 in the number of illegal immigrants currently living in the United States. According to the report, the most marked decline was in the population of unauthorized immigrants who come from Latin American countries other than Mexico. This group, which includes illegal immigrants from the Caribbean, Central and South America, saw a decrease of 22 percent in the same 2007-2009 period. In comparison, the Mexican unauthorized population has leveled off at about 7 million since 2007, the report states. Mexicans account for about 60 percent of all illegal immigrants. The report coincides with other studies showing that while the influx of unauthorized immigrants from Mexico has sharply decreased, unauthorized Mexicans living in the United States are staying put. According to the report, an average of 150,000 illegal immigrants from Mexico arrived yearly during the March 2007 to March 2009 period, compared to the average of 500,000 that was recorded during the first half of the decade. For all countries, the average number of new unauthorized immigrants arriving fell from 550,000 a year in 2005 to 300,000 a year in 2009.. The authors of the report point out, however, that despite the decline, the population of unauthorized immigrants was nearly a third larger in 2009 compared to 2000, and it is three times larger than in 1990. Among the report's other findings was that nearly half of unauthorized immigrants living in the country in 2009 arrived in 2000 or later. The methodology the authors used took a demographic estimate of the legal foreign-born population in the United States, and subtracted it from the total foreign-born population. The Pew Hispanic Center is a part of the Pew Research Center in Washington and is an independent research group that does not engage in advocacy or take positions on issues."
"BEIJING, China (CNN) -- China, often criticized for its liberal use of the death penalty, will reduce the number of criminal executions it carries out, a top official said. Chinese police guard a group of prisoners outside a Beijing court on May 25, 2001, before their sentencing. ""As it is impossible for the country to abolish capital punishment under current realities and social security conditions, it is an important effort to strictly control the application of the penalty by judicial organs,"" Zhang Jun, vice president of the Supreme People's Court, said in an interview with Legal Daily, the state-run China Daily reported. ""Judicial departments should use the least number of death sentences as possible, and death penalties should not be given to those having a reason for not being executed,"" Zhang said. Legislation will be enacted to restrict the number of death sentences imposed and the court will tighten restrictions on the use of capital punishment, according to Zhang. The sentence of ""death penalty with reprieve"" will be used more often in courts, Zhang said, which could be commuted to life in prison. The term could later be shortened to 20 years and possibly reduced further for good behavior. China will retain the death sentence, according to Zhang, adding that it should be applied to ""an extremely small number"" of serious offenders. Human rights groups estimate 1,700 to 5,000 people were executed in China last year for crimes such as spying, corruption and drug trafficking. The official number of executions is a state secret. The death penalty remains an iconic form of punishment in China, where executions are used as a public warning. Sentencing is broadcast on national television. Two years ago, however, the Supreme Court was given the authority to review death penalty cases and, last year, 10 percent of death sentences were overturned. Criminals who've expressed remorse or agreed to compensate victims' families have had their sentences reduced. The death penalty will now be reserved for those who commit heinous crimes with ""grave social consequences,"" the government said. It's a step in the right direction, China analysts say. But they criticize the move as being too ambiguous and remain skeptical that it will lead to an actual reduction in executions. ""This is a small incremental step, but a step in the right direction,"" said Victor Gao, a director of the China National Association of International Studies. ""While other countries have abolished the death penalty because they think it is cruel and unusual punishment, China has decided it wants to keep the death penalty."" Crimes with ""grave social consequences"" is a ""broad, catch-all concept which can be interpreted flexibly,"" Gao said. CNN's Emily Chang contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Arctic reindeer herders in northern Scandinavia are getting a view from space to help them look after their herds as the region copes with climate change. Snow worries: Satellite maps of snow coverage and melt can help reindeer herders. Using satellite-based snow melt maps supplied by the European Space Agency (ESA) backed program Polar View, herders are able to view the depth of snow and judge where the best foraging spots are to take their reindeer. ""Snow is of paramount importance for reindeer herding, because its quality determines whether reindeer are able to access the pastures that lie beneath it for much of the year,"" Anders Oskal, the Director of the International Center for Reindeer Husbandry (ICR) told the ESA. ""Detailed circumpolar snow information is, thus, becoming increasingly important following the recent changes in the Arctic climate."" Oskal is working with Smi reindeer herders in Finnmark, Norway, to help them maintain and develop sustainable reindeer husbandry. According to Oskal, Finnmark is the area of Norway that is predicted to experience the largest temperature increases, raising concerns about whether ice layers will form over pastures preventing reindeer from foraging. Under the Polar View initiative, Kongsberg Satellite Services (KSAT) have been providing snow melt maps for Norway and Sweden, as well as snow cover maps for Eurasia, for the last 18 months. The ICR partnered with Polar View in a trial of the maps to examine how satellite observations could help by gathering information on snow change in a timely manner for such vast circumpolar regions. ""The experience so far has definitely been positive, and the reindeer herders are extremely interested in the future utilization of Polar View products that can relate important information about local snow conditions,"" said Oskal. ""These products could have important consequences for herders' decisions regarding winter pasture quality and potential migration routes."" In addition to climate change, reindeer herders also have to face a loss of pastures because of infrastructure development, such as roads, hydroelectric power dams and cabin resorts. The same technology would help the ICR to monitor the different forms of land-use change over time."
"(CNN) -- Rust-colored oil washed ashore on barrier islands off Alabama and Mississippi on Tuesday, while more patches of crude offshore appeared to be moving toward those states' coasts, authorities reported. Researchers scrambled to clean up tar balls and puddles of oil from the beaches of Alabama's Dauphin Island, while a strip of oil about two miles long and three feet wide stretched along Petit Bois Island, about five miles away off Mississippi, Gov. Haley Barbour's office reported. It marked the first time oil has hit Mississippi's shores since the largest oil spill in U.S. history erupted in late April. And while tar balls associated with the Gulf spill had hit Dauphin Island, about 35 miles south of Mobile, in early May, residents said that Tuesday was the first time they had seen oil hitting the beach. Only part of the island's beaches have been lined with protective booms, with much of those barriers lined up near a protected wildlife area on the west end of the island. Annette Engel, a Louisiana State University researcher on Dauphin Island, said the oil is believed to be from BP's ruptured well off Louisiana. She predicted much more would be hitting the coast in coming days -- but vacationers remained on the beach, and some were still swimming in the blue-green waters as the cleanup continued. And researchers from the Dauphin Island Sea Lab spotted large patches of the reddish-brown ""weathered"" oil during a water-sampling expedition offshore Tuesday, said John Dindo, the laboratory's associate director. Dindo said the oil spots on the water ranged from the size of a half-dollar coin to 30 to 40 feet. A half-dozen boats could be seen skimming oil off the surface about 13 miles south of the island, he said. However, ""They were covering a very, very small spot in the ocean compared to what we saw,"" he said. The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration had warned earlier this week that the spreading slick from an undersea BP oil well was heading toward the Alabama and Mississippi coasts. Dindo said tides in the area are running east and winds have been out of the southwest, driving the oil toward beach towns on the eastern side of Mobile Bay. Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said earlier Tuesday that authorities were investigating reports that the outer sheen of oil was reaching coastal waters off Mississippi and Alabama, but said those reports had not been confirmed. ""We've dispatched survey teams to see what the impact is out there, and to the extent that is required, we'll move resources that direction,"" Allen, the federal government's national incident commander, told reporters in New Orleans, Louisiana. CNN's Patrick Oppmann and Matt Smith contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- The long-running Carlos Tevez affair was finally brought to a close on Monday as West Ham and Sheffield United reached an out-of-court settlement. Tevez scored a crucial winning goal at Manchester United on last day of the 2006-07 season. West Ham will be paying  United an undisclosed compensation fee to settle the dispute, meaning an independent tribunal chaired Lord Griffiths will not reconvene to rule on the controversy. A statement from Blades chairman Kevin McCabe and West Ham chief executive Scott Duxbury released to the Press Association said: ""Both clubs are pleased to announce that a satisfactory settlement for compensation has been reached which brings the dispute between Sheffield United and West Ham to an end. ""The tribunal will not be resuming."" The Tevez controversy began in 2006 when the Argentina international and his fellow-countryman Javier Mascherano were signed by West Ham under third party ownership deals which contravened Premier League rules. Mascherano was later loaned to Liverpool, but Tevez stayed at Upton Park and played a crucial role as West Ham narrowly avoided relegation. He scored the winning goal as the Hammers beat Manchester United on the last day of the season to send Sheffield United down. Tevez later joined Premier League champions Manchester United, but the row lingered on with Sheffield United continuing to insist that West Ham had gained an unfair advantage. The affair has sparked three separate inquiries, the first of which led to a $8 million fine for West Ham, but crucially no points deduction. But United refused to give up and in September 2008 an independent arbitration ruled in their favor in a claim for compensation from West Ham. The Premier League and the Football Association promptly announced another fresh inquiry, but the out-of court settlement looks set to bring the affair to an amicable conclusion. West Ham, whose Icelandic owner Bjorgolfur Gudmundsson has been hard hit by the global economic downturn, were reported by Sky Sports News to be paying the compensation fee, which could rise to $35 million, in installments. The money will certainly be welcomed by Sheffield United, who are pressing for promotion from the Championship to the Premier League. ""We are two clubs with a fantastic footballing history who now want to move on and focus on the business of playing football -- hopefully for us against the Hammers in the Premier League next season,"" said McCabe."
"Editor's note: Watch the full interview with Serena Williams on ""Your $$$$$"" Saturday at 1 p.m. ET and Sunday at 3 p.m. ET on CNN. Serena Williams says she believes she apologized for her actions promptly and completely. NEW YORK (CNN) -- Serena Williams just wants to move on. But the controversy around her obscenity-laced tirade at a line judge at the U.S. Open continues. Williams, 27, said she was ""in the moment"" and doesn't really remember her now-famous outburst at a line judge who had called a foot fault. It was a 12-second verbal attack that has played over and over for three days. ""It was a really tough point in the match and it was really close and got a really tough call that wasn't the correct call, and, you know, things got a little heated and I had a conversation with the line judge that didn't go so well,"" Williams said. Williams, ranked No. 2 in the world by the Women's Tennis Association, said she does not recall moments of Saturday's incident but believes she apologized for her actions promptly and completely.  Watch Williams talk about call  . ""I couldn't apologize any sooner, and then also I learned from my mistakes ... I was talking to [former Giants defensive end] Michael Strahan earlier today and he said how, when he's out there you're so intense. Obviously, when you get a bad call, it's like 'What's going on?' So when you're in the moment, you are just there. You don't really quite remember exactly what's going on,"" Williams said. Williams found herself explaining her outburst while promoting her recently published memoir, ""On the Line,"" in which she details growing up the youngest of five sisters, her struggles on the court and off, and her positive messages of inspiration, especially to her younger fans. ""Those kids probably just need to know it's great to be a competitor, how passionate someone is, and just making the right decisions at the right time -- realizing that, hey, everyone falls, 'Wow, she's human, she made a bad decision, a bad choice.' "" Williams added, ""I am not a robot. I have a heart and I bleed."" In the aftermath of Saturday's match, tournament officials fined Williams $10,000 for unsportsmanlike conduct and $500 for smashing a racket during the same event. So far, no suspensions have been served, but the United States Tennis Association has said that it has launched an investigation into the incident."
"(CNN) -- Three women who were seized along with six other foreign workers in Yemen have been killed, Yemeni government officials said Monday. South Korean officials discuss the kidnappings Monday. A South Korean woman reportedly was killed. ""It is with profound sorrow that the Yemeni government reports finding three bodies,"" according to a statement from Mohammed Albasha, a spokesman for Yemen's Embassy in the United States. The statement said the dead were identified as a South Korean teacher and two German nurses in training, all in their 20s. They were found in the Noshour Valley in Safrah district in the province of Saada. The women were abducted Sunday along with five other Germans, including three children, and a Briton, according to Yemen's state-run SABA news agency. Earlier, the Yemen Post said seven of the nine hostages were killed, citing the country's interior ministry. But SABA reported later Monday the remaining six were believed to be alive, and security forces were searching for them . Albasha said the nine foreigners left the city of Saada without police escorts that are required due to the ""heightened security situation"" in the area. ""This event was a heinous crime and constitutes not only a violation against the peaceful principles of Islam, but also the precepts of humanity,"" the embassy spokesman said. ""Moreover, it does not reflect the good traditions and culture of Yemen."" The Germany Foreign Ministry said it is in close contact with the German Embassy in Yemen but couldn't confirm any details at this stage. Initial official statements said the group was apparently seized by Houthi rebels, Shiite militants who have been fighting the government for years, according to SABA. The militants are hoping to derail the peace and reconstruction process in Saada, which has been rocked by war in the past year, according to SABA. However, the news agency later reported Houthi rebels accused drug cartels of abducting the group and killing the three. In addition, SABA said a spokesman for the rebels accused regional tribes of being behind the kidnappings and slayings. Sunday's abduction was the latest in a string of kidnappings of foreign workers in Yemen this year. All the previous hostages had been released unharmed, including 24 medical workers whom armed tribesman seized last week in Yemen's Amran province. CNN's Caroline Faraj, Diana Magnay and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report."
"NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Indian police swiftly handled a ""security scare"" at New Delhi's major airport early Friday amid heightened concern in the wake of last week's terror attack in which gunmen killed 179 people in Mumbai. An Indian soldier joins the beefed up security detail at New Delhi airport. New Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said police responded to reports of gunfire at Indira Gandhi International Airport but found no casualties or damage. Bhagat said there was ""no terror threat."" ""And there's no cause of panic,"" he added. Uday Banerjee, the head of India's Central Industrial Security Force, told reporters at the airport that something sounding like gunshots was heard, but no one saw anything and no bullet casings were found. Indian authorities stepped up security at the nation's airports on Thursday after receiving intelligence reports that terrorists might be planning an air attack. At Indira Gandhi, four armed police stood guard at each entrance, and people waiting for arriving passengers were not allowed inside.  Watch what triggered the security scare there  . ""There have been intelligence inputs about some terrorist activity, and therefore security has been tightened (at airports),"" civil aviation spokesperson Moushmi Chakraborty told CNN.  Watch heightened anxiety after the attacks  . Police beefed up security at all airports including in the capital New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore, Chakraborty said. A spokesman for the Indian Navy, Cmdr. Nirad Sinha, also confirmed to CNN that security officials had received warnings about an airborne attack.  Watch more on increase in security  . The Press Trust of India, a nonprofit newspaper cooperative, said that reports had suggested that terrorists could have sneaked into the country to carry out strikes on the anniversary of the Babri mosque demolition. The mosque -- one of the largest in the Uttar Pradesh state -- was destroyed on December 6, 1992, by Hindu nationalists who believe it was built on the site of an existing temple. On Wednesday India's defense minister met with the chiefs of the army, air force and navy and discussed what the ministry in a news statement called ""possible terror threats from air."" The officials also discussed the country's coastal security plans and how to tighten security along the military line of control dividing the disputed region of Kashmir between India and Pakistan to ""prevent infiltration of terrorists,"" the statement said. India ranks among the countries where terrorism is most common, according to the U.S. State Department. CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh and Sara Sidner contributed to this report."
"Washington (CNN) -- Washington Wizards player Javaris Crittenton Monday became the second member of the NBA team to plead guilty to a weapons charge following a gun-toting locker-room incident. Crittenton, 22, pleaded guilty in Superior Court in the District of Columbia to a misdemeanor count of possession of an unregistered firearm. He will avoid jail time. Judge Bruce Beaudin sentenced Crittenton to one year of unsupervised probation. The judge also ordered him to perform community service with a children's organization in Washington and through the NBA's Haiti project. ""Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences,"" said U.S. Attorney Channing Phillips. ""We commend Mr. Crittenton for accepting responsibility and hope he fully appreciates the gravity of his actions,"" Phillips said. The Wizards said in a statement that the charges and Crittenton's plea were ""another disappointing development in what has already been a long and frustrating process for the team, the NBA and, most importantly, our fans."" ""Javaris clearly used very bad judgment in this situation and will now face the consequences of his actions,"" the statement said. Crittenton, who is currently listed as inactive on the Wizards' roster and has not played a game all season, agreed with prosecutors that the incident stemmed from an angry exchange with teammate Gilbert Arenas following arguments over a card game. The argument led to shooting threats, according to documents submitted to the court. Prosecutors say Arenas threatened to burn or blow up Crittenton's car when they came to practice the following Monday. ""According to Crittenton before he left his home in Virginia for practice that day, Crittenton placed a lawfully owned unloaded handgun into his backpack because he believed that Arenas would carry out his threat to shoot him that day,"" prosecutors said. Authorities say Crittenton displayed the weapon to Arenas, but did not aim it at him or load the weapon. Arenas had placed four of his own guns at Crittenton's locker and told him to ""pick one,"" authorities said. Authorities say Crittenton had been cooperating with them after the incident, and had voluntarily surrendered his weapon, a 9 mm semi-automatic Taurus, to law enforcement officials. Arenas, a former NBA all-star, pleaded guilty to a more serious felony charge and faces potentially six months in jail, and has been suspended indefinitely by the NBA. His sentencing is set for March 26."
"(CNN) -- Singer and actress Eartha Kitt has died, her publicist, Patty Freedman, told CNN on Thursday. Actress Eartha Kitt, shown at a benefit for the Actors Fund in 2003, performed almost until the end of her life. Kitt, 81, died in New York, where she was being treated for colon cancer, Freedman said. Her daughter, Kitt Shapiro, was by her side. She was performing almost until the end, taping a PBS special six weeks ago in Chicago, Illinois. The show is set to air in February. The ringtone version of her recording of the saucy Christmas song ""Santa Baby"" was certified gold earlier this month. Kitt was well known for her distinctive voice and made a name for herself in her portrayal of Catwoman in the television series ""Batman."" That role produced Kitt's recognizable sultry cat growl. She worked in film, theater, cabaret, music and on television during her lengthy career. According to Kitt's official Web site, she was nominated for a Tony three times, a Grammy and Emmy twice. According to the biography on that site, Kitt lived in Connecticut near her daughter and four grandchildren. Kitt was ostracized at an early age because of her mixed-race heritage, the biography says. At age 8, she was sent from the cotton fields of South Carolina by her mother to live with her aunt in New York City's Harlem neighborhood, the site said. As a teen, she auditioned for the famed Katherine Dunham Dance Troupe, was hired as a featured dancer and vocalist, and toured worldwide with the company. This launched Kitt into a life of roles in the entertainment field. According to the book ""Contemporary Black Biography,"" she was adored in Europe in the 1950s as a cabaret singer. In the United States, her dance career led to a critically acclaimed stint on Broadway, including the play ""New Faces of 1952,"" which was later made into a movie. Broadway stardom landed Kitt a recording deal that led to a string of best-selling records, including ""Love for Sale,"" ""I Want to Be Evil,"" ""Santa Baby"" and ""Folk Tales of the Tribes of Africa."" She recorded more than 20 albums, worked in hundreds of television and movie roles, and was invited as a guest to the White House several times. CNN's David Daniel contributed to this report."
"MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- A cult member who spent several months holed up in a cave with dozens of other people anticipating the end of the world claimed Wednesday that two women died and were buried inside. An above-ground kitchen used by the doomsday cult in the Penza region during the summer. The former cave-dweller, Vitaly Nedogon, relayed his claims to Russian TV journalists, according to Anton Sharonov, a spokesman for the administration of Penza, a region southeast of Moscow. The official said Nedogon did not report the information to police or authorities. Once the rest of the apocalyptic sect leaves the cave, investigators will move in to try to confirm Nedogon's report, Sharonov said. Nedogon and others left the cave, said to be near the village of Nikolskoye, about 700 kilometers (435 miles) from the Russian capital, about a week ago, after part of its ceiling collapsed. He claimed two women died at different times during the cult's seclusion, which began in November 2007. One woman died of cancer and the other from excessive fasting, he told the media. ""However,"" Sharonov told the Russian news agency Interfax, ""the Penza regional administration is of the view that these deaths must be proven legally, which is possible only if all the people leave the cave so that investigative officials can examine it."" Sharonov said those who remain in the cave told Penza officials during negotiations that they would come out by the Russian Orthodox Easter, on April 27. He said officials believe 11 people are left in the cave, but only nine will be alive if Nedogon's report is true. According to Interfax, Penza Deputy Governor Oleg Melnichenko, who is leading the local effort to resolve the situation, said he was unaware of any deaths in the cave. The cave ordeal began when Kuznetsov, the group's leader, told his followers to hide themselves to await the end of the world, which he predicted would take place in May. They had threatened to commit mass suicide if authorities tried to intervene. Thirty-five sect members are believed to have entered the cave initially, Interfax said. E-mail to a friend . From CNN's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow."
"(CNN) -- It's just one thing after another for Richard and Mayumi Heene. They've caused such an uproar after last week's alleged balloon boy hoax that Lifetime won't air a re-run of their ""Wife Swap"" episode. The Heene family's ""Wife Swap"" episode has been pulled from Lifetime's programming schedule. Those who pay close attention to TV Guide would have noticed that the Heene family's first episode for the ABC reality show was scheduled to air on Lifetime on Thursday, October 29, at 2 p.m. ET. ""It was on the schedule long before the incident,"" a Lifetime spokesperson said. The incident refers to the giant, homemade balloon that sailed over Colorado on Thursday, purportedly carrying 6-year-old Falcon Heene. The bubble burst when authorities discovered Falcon had been hiding in a box in the attic. During an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, the Heene's asked Falcon why he didn't come out as they searched for him, and the boy replied, ""You guys said we did it for a show."" That triggered an investigation that revealed the frightful incident was a hoax, police said. Richard and Mayumi Heene are now facing a number of local charges, and the Federal Aviation Administration has begun its own balloon boy investigation, officials said. As a result, Lifetime has decided to erase the family's ""Wife Swap"" past from the network. ""Once we found out"" [it was allegedly a hoax], the spokesperson said, ""we decided to pull it off the air. At this time, we don't have any plans to air it in the near future."" The episode depicted Karen Martel, whose husband runs a child-proofing business, as being shocked ""as the Heene kids jump off banisters and run wild, and appalled by Richard's attitude to women,"" according to the description on ABC's Web site. ""Wife Swap"" asks its participants to switch places for two weeks. ""Meanwhile, at the Martels',"" the description continued, ""Mayumi Heene sees safety gates everywhere and wonders how the family [has] fun. She asks the kids about their anxieties and confronts Jay about the climate of fear in his house."" Lifetime plans on filling the time slot with a ""Wife Swap"" episode that features another family, but rest assured, the Heene's reality TV debut can still be found on YouTube."
"(CNN)  -- Four Italian journalists were kidnapped Wednesday in Libya by unknown assailants, a spokesman for the Italian foreign ministry confirmed to CNN. One of the journalists was able to call his newspaper, and according to his editor he reported that he and his colleagues had been beaten when they were taken, and one of their drivers had been killed. The foreign ministry spokesman, Maurizio Massari, said the four reporters were kidnapped on a road about 80 kilometers (about 50 miles) from Tripoli. Massari said while it was unclear who captured the journalists, the ministry assumed it was pro-Gadhafi forces. He also said it was unclear what demands, if any, the kidnappers had. Massari said that the journalists, all from prominent Italian daily newspapers, were well. He did not elaborate. Paolo Alfieri, foreign editor of the newspaper Avvenire, identified the four as Elisabetta Rosaspina and Giuseppe Sarcina from the newspaper Corriere della Sera, Sono Domenico Quirico from La Stampa, and Claudio Monici from Avvenire. Alfieri told CNN that those holding the journalists allowed Monici to make a call to his newsroom, and Monici told his colleagues that he had been traveling with the others from the town of Zawiya toward Tripoli when they were stopped at a roadblock. Monici said he and the other journalists were beaten, and one of the drivers was killed. Alfieri said Monici's voice was ""calm"" during the call to his newsroom, and Monici reported that at the time he and the others were ""well."" The call lasted about five to six minutes, Alfieri said, and Monici asked him to alert the Italian foreign ministry and the other newspapers. Monici did not say anything about what the kidnappers were demanding. Alfieri said that Monici had been in Zawiya since Sunday night and had arrived there from Tunis. Monici and the other journalists are all experienced war reporters Alfieri said. Monici also told his colleagues there was a lot of shooting in Zawiya, and it was more than ""festivities shooting"" that has occurred as rebel forces have advanced, according to Alfieri. Massari said late Wednesday that the Italian consul in Benghazi, Guido De Sanctis, had reached one of the four reporters by phone. De Sanctis said the journalists were well, and were in Tripoli, according to Massari. It was not clear which of the four reporters De Sanctis spoke with."
"New York (CNN) -- Two Turkish-American gas station workers on suburban Long Island say they were assaulted and beaten with a flagpole bearing an American flag on the night of Election Day. Five men face charges in the alleged attack, police said Thursday. The incident began when some teenagers became angry when they were asked to show identification for a tobacco purchase, said Erdaogan Yavuz, the manager of the OK Gas Station in Wantagh, New York, told CNN. ""My father is a cop and he's going to kill all you guys,"" one of them said, according to Yavuz. The teens, yelling expletives, left only to return a short time later with two older men. All five began to assault Yavuz and his co-worker, Yuksel Cebeci, Yavuz said. Cebeci was able to get inside the station, but Yavuz said he was beaten badly. One of the older men shouted, ""You aliens get ... out of my country!"" ""Then he grabbed the [gas station's] flag and hit me in the face with the flagpole, and that's when I grabbed the flag from him to defend myself,"" said Yavuz, who said he became a naturalized citizen of the United States in March. When Nassau County police arrived on site, the man attacked one of the officers, according to a spokesman for the 8th precinct in Levittown. The officer was treated at St. Joseph Hospital in Bethpage for lacerations to his right knee and a swollen hand, the spokesman said. Cebeci was treated for broken fingers, Yavuz said. All five men were charged with assault but the case will not be prosecuted as a hate crime, said Chris Munzing, the deputy director of communications for Nassau County Police. The men were arraigned on Wednesday, and November court appearances have been set, the district attorney's office said. The district attorney's office identified the men as Nicholas Lazarus, Christ Makhmaltchi, Gregory Vitale, Richard Vitale Jr. and Richard Vitale Sr. Attempts to reach the suspects and their attorneys were not immediately successful Thursday afternoon. A surveillance video from the gas station is in the hands of prosecutors, officials said."
By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 03:06 EST, 31 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:43 EST, 31 May 2013 . A burglar collapsed and died as he prepared to run off with up to 10,000 in stolen goods after an overnight raid on a heating firm. The 50-year-old and and two other men were preparing to flee Glevum Heating in Gloucester with boilers, laptops, mobile phones and cash when the burglar collapsed. One accomplice ran to get help and a relative of the man tried in vain to resuscitate him until police and paramedics arrived to take over, but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Unexplained: The 50-year-old burglar collapsed and died during an overnight raid on Glevum Heating in Gloucester . The death of the man, who was from Gloucester, is being treated as unexplained. The trio targeted the building in Lower Tuffley Lane in the early hours of Tuesday morning, and had amassed a haul worth between 5,000 and 10,000 when the 50-year-old collapsed and was taken outside by his accomplices. Police arrived to find the man lying on the ground outside the building. Officers are now studying CCTV footage from security cameras at the firm's headquarters. A spokesman for Glevum said staff were in a sombre mood in the wake of the incident shortly after 1am on Tuesday morning. 'It's very sad,' he said. 'No matter what has happened, a man has died here and our thoughts are with his family.' 'Accomplices': Two other men were arrested, one, aged 47, was charged with burglary and appeared before Cheltenham Magistrates Court this week . A Gloucestershire Constabulary spokesman said 'Officers were called to reports of a burglary in progress at a business address in Lower Tuffley Lane just after 1am on Tuesday. 'On arrival, a 50-year-old Gloucester man was found collapsed on the ground. 'Despite attempts to resuscitate him, the man was declared dead at the scene by the ambulance service. 'The death is being treated as unexplained at this time and the coroner and next of kin have been informed.' Police added that a 19-year-old man from Gloucester had been arrested on suspicion of burglary in connection with the case and released on bail. He is due to attend Gloucester police station on June 5 pending further inquiries. A second man, aged 47, also from Gloucester, was charged with burglary and appeared at Cheltenham Magistrates Court this week. The man has been remanded in custody, police said.
(CNN) -- Portuguese champions Porto are through to the semfinals of the Europa League after a thumping 5-2 win at Spartak Moscow gave them a 10-3 aggregate victory . Porto went into the match in control of the tie following their 5-1 win in Portugal, and added to that lead when Hulk burst through to score a 28tth-minute opener. Cristian Rodriguez doubled their advantage with a near post header on the stroke of half-time and Fredy Guarin converted Falcao's pull back early in the second half for the third goal. Is Villas Boas the new 'Special One'? Artem Dzyuba gave the home side some pride by pulling a goal back in the 52nd minute but Porto soon regained their three-goal cushion when Falcao headed home. Ari pulled another back for the hosts but Ruben Micael rifled home a late fifth as Porto achieved the highest-ever quarterfinal winning margin in the history of the competition. In what proved to be a famous night for Portuguese football, Porto were joined in the last four by compatriots Benfica and Braga, who will now face each other ensuring a Portuguese representative in next month's final in Dublin. Braga secured their place thanks to a 0-0 home draw with Dynamo Kiev, putting them through on the away goals rule after a 1-1 first leg draw in Ukraine. And they secured qualification the hard way, playing for over an hour with just 10 men after the dismissal of Paolo Cesar for a late tackle in the 29th minute. Meanwhile, Benfica secured their place after a 2-2 draw at Dutch side PSV Eindhoven gave them a 6-3 aggregate success. PSV threatened to create a shock following their 4-1 defeat in Lisbon, racing into an early 2-0 lead on the night. But goals from Luisao and an Oscar Cardazo penalty ensured Benfica now face their compatriots Braga. Meanwhile, Porto face Villarreal in the other semi, after the Spanish side eased past Dutch champions FC Twente. Already 5-1 up from the first leg in Spain, Villarreal completed the job with a 3-1 victory in the Netherlands for an 8-2 aggregate win. Twente gave themselves a glimmer of hope with Emir Bajrami's 32nd minute tap in but the visitors levelled on the hour when Giuseppe Rossi scored from the spot after Twente's Dwight Tiadealli was sent off for fouling Wakaso Mubarak. Marco Ruben added a second penalty on 84 minutes and Cani completed the scoring with a superb left-foot volley late on.
"KAMPALA, Uganda (CNN) -- At least 21 people were killed and more than 80 others injured during three days of rioting here last week, a police spokeswoman said Monday. Ugandan police ride past a burning barricade in the Natete suburb of Kampala on Friday. Police spokeswoman Judith Nabakooba said 663 people had been arrested and 86 people had been injured. President Yoweri Museveni is to address the violence in a speech to parliament slated for Tuesday afternoon. Though the mood on the streets in the capital city was calm Monday, tensions between Museveni and the Buganda kingdom -- headed by King Ronald Mutebi II, the ruler of the Baganda tribe -- have intensified in recent years. They erupted into violence last Thursday, when the government said it would not allow the king to travel to an area inhabited by a renegade rival group. Kings in the east African nation are limited to a ceremonial role overseeing traditional and cultural affairs. Government officials and the Buganda kingdom have been at odds for years, sparring over land, sovereignty and political power. After the travel ban, mostly young Bagandans took to the streets, stealing ammunition from a police station and confronting officers, accusing them of harassment. ""The government is wrong to undermine cultural institutions, which are the backbone of Uganda's heritage,"" said Mzamiru Balidha, a resident of Kampala. ""Cultural leaders must be left alone since they are not interfering in politics."" Rioters burned tires and cars, set buildings afire and looted stores. Streets in the capital were strewn with debris over the weekend, including torched cars and burned tires. By Sunday, police and the army were patrolling deserted streets as residents tried to return to normalcy after the protests. ""I'm happy to see that there is peace now,"" said Harry Sagara of Kampala. ""Now people can return to work."" A government official said Sunday that the two leaders have pledged to meet and address their differences. ""Both the central government and the king are still working out details of the meeting,"" said Daudi Migereko, the minister of parliamentary affairs. In Washington, the U.S. State Department cautioned Americans in Uganda about the potential for more violent demonstrations this week. ""U.S. citizens should be aware that even peaceful gatherings and demonstrations can turn unexpectedly violent,"" the State Department travel alert states. Bagandans are the dominant ethnic group and one of four ancient kingdoms in the nation. Journalist Samson Ntale in Kampala, Uganda, contributed to this report."
By . Sara Malm . PUBLISHED: . 17:16 EST, 17 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:36 EST, 17 April 2013 . A Spanish councillor who resigned after her home-made porn video went viral is posing topless to shut up her critics. Olvido Hormigos, 42, was forced to leave her position as a Socialist Workers Party electee in central Spain when a clip showing her pleasuring herself on a bed leaked online. Now the primary school teacher and mother-of-two wants to put it all in the past by appearing in next-to-nothing in a Spanish magazine. That'll teach em: Former councillor Olvido Hormigos, 42, who was forced to resign following the sex-tape leak, is now hitting back at her critics by taking her clothes off . Gracing the cover in nothing but a pair of see-through knickers and high heels, she told magazine Intervi, she wants to show the world that she can do whatever she wants with her body. Ms Hormigos was forced to step down from her seat as councillor in Los Ybenes, Toledo, 80 miles south of Madrid, when the graphic footage she had sent to her footballer boyfriend was leaked on the internet. The clip quickly spread around the town of 6,500 people before it was posted on YouTube and spread on social networks across Spain in September. Party representative: Olvido was a Socialist Workers Party councillor in Toledo, central Spain, when the clip she sent to her then-partner, showing her pleasuring herself on a bed, leaked online . Upon her resignation Ms Hormigos branded the leak 'an attack on her privacy,' saying she handed in her notice 'out of respect for her family and to her party, the PSOE, she told Spanish newspaper El Mundo. Now, Ms Hormigos says she wants revenge on her former partner. All I want is that the recipient of the video who I dated for three months and that now walks around the town as usual, pays for it, she says in the interview accompanying the racy photos. People would think I am made of ice, but it was horrible, although I had to get on with my life. Everybody has been saying for months that I was going to do it. Now I can laugh if they make jokes about the video, she said.
"(CNN) -- The list of relatives Widline Germain has not heard from since Haiti's earthquake seems like a town population in itself. ""When you count our extended family -- the dozens of cousins and aunts and uncles -- there's several hundred of us in Haiti, and we don't know where most of them are,"" she said from her home in Binghamton, New York. On January 11, the day before the magnitude-7.0 earthquake hit, the 25-year-old who recently graduated from SUNY Cortland returned to New York from an extended New Year's holiday in Haiti. Drawing attention to a photo of the Haitian presidential palace lit up with Christmas lights, a tree decorated on its grounds, she said, ""It's like I'm stuck in a horrible dream. The bed I was sleeping in the day before the earthquake is dust."" On Thursday, Germain went through the names of relatives -- she says she has about 400 in Haiti -- whom she and her parents are searching for and whom they know are gone. Elise and Benson Germain and their son Junior Germain, missing. Marie Nerla Nicolas and Wilkense Nicolas, missing. ""I lost a cousin on my father's side. My mother lost her sister and all four kids,"" she said. ""There are 10 missing on my mother's side and eight missing on father's side."" Learn more about some of Germain's missing relatives . She described a mentally disabled uncle who reported being attacked by thugs in Port-au-Prince. Many of her family members live in Jrmie, a river town of about 31,000 that is largely isolated from the rest of the country. ""The ones in Jrmie, I don't think most rescuers are getting to the smaller towns,"" she said, pausing. ""All my little cousins -- like ages 2 to 7 -- how are they ever going to be able to get over walking over dead bodies in the street? ""They were telling us on their cell phones that they don't have water. They have nothing,"" Germain said. ""We are here, and we can't do anything for them. My family is there starving and thirsty, sleeping on the street -- elderly people sleeping on the street -- and I'm here with water and food. I can't stand this. It's wrong."" She and her father and their extended family in New York are prepared to take everyone in. ""It's going to be hard, but we have college degrees, jobs, a big house,"" she said. ""We're going to manage, because they're family, and that's what you do."""
"Washington (CNN) -- Bullying and harassment in schools often includes violations of federally protected civil rights, the federal government warned Tuesday in new guidelines for educators on how to address the problem. If school administrators fail to properly deal with harassment based on gender, race or other issues, they risk being cited for contributing to a pattern of civil rights violations that could, in extreme cases, lead to a cut in federal funding, according to top officials who spoke to reporters on a conference call about the new guidelines. ""In extreme cases, schools could be stripped of their federal education monies if they don't comply with all of our civil rights laws,"" said Russlynn Ali, assistant secretary for civil rights. Also on the call were Arne Duncan, secretary of education, and White House Domestic Policy Council Director Melody Barnes. The issue of harassment gained prominence this year after a spate of suicides by students who were being bullied. President Obama has called for greater awareness of the problem, saying the nation must ""dispel the myth that bullying is just a normal rite of passage or an inevitable part of growing up."" The guidelines were part of a letter that began ""Dear Colleague"" sent Tuesday to thousands of schools, colleges, universities and school districts around the country that included examples of bullying and harassment cases that constituted violations of federal civil rights laws. In addition, the government said the White House will host a conference next year on preventing bullying and harassment, building on efforts by Duncan's department and other agencies. In August, the Obama administration hosted the first National Bullying Summit and launched a national campaign against bullying. Ali said the government proposed $410 million in fiscal year 2011 spending for ""successful, safe and healthy students,"" a 12 percent increase over 2010. In a statement Tuesday, the American Civil Liberties Union welcomed the new government guidelines for making clear that most religious, gender and sexual harassment comes under federal civil rights prohibitions, but it called for expanding the federal law to eliminate any doubt. ""Though the guidance goes far under current law, it does not replace having a federal statute that explicitly protects"" lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students, said Laura Murphy, the director of the ACLU's Washington legislative office. Murphy called for Congress to pass the Student Non-Discrimination Act, a bill pending in the House and Senate that the ACLU said would guarantee that homosexual and transgender students are explicitly protected from harassment and discrimination under federal law."
"(CNN) -- An FBI webpage quoted an agent calling Mexico's drug cartels more violent than al Qaeda -- a comment sure to grab attention, but which doesn't tell the whole story, the agency said. On its website, the FBI was highlighting a special series of stories on law enforcement challenges along the Southwest border. The report includes a quote from an unidentified senior agent based in El Paso, Texas, who says, ""We think al Qaeda is bad, but they've got nothing on the cartels."" The controversial-sounding comment was just one of point of view that exists on the ground, the FBI said, explaining the remark. ""The quote is the opinion of one FBI agent who lives and works on border violence every day,"" said Special Agent Jason Pack, an FBI spokesman in Washington. ""The FBI does not believe the cartels are any more dangerous than al Qaeda."" According to the FBI report, ""Some areas on the Mexican side of the border are so violent they are reminiscent of the gangster era of Chicago in the 1930s or the heyday of the Mafia's Five Families in New York."" It cites the violent and ruthless tactics of the cartels, using as an example the case of a man known as El Pozolero -- the stew maker -- who is said to have dissolved hundreds of murder victims in acid. Mexico has seen other violent acts that are reminscent of al Qaeda tactics, including the severing of heads and videotaping of kidnap victims. But according to one analyst, comparing one to the other is apples and oranges. ""Obviously, it's a more complex issue than that,"" said Fred Burton, vice president of intelligence at Stratfor, a global intelligence company. ""Reading between the lines here, what they might be trying to say is that clearly the scope of the drug cartels from a geographic perspective is very robust,"" he said. The cartels are very brutal and violent, but they haven't hijacked planes, built complex improvised explosive devices or attacked U.S. vessels, as al Qaeda has, Burton said. The major drug trafficking cartels in Mexico do use terror, however, in their rivalries for smuggling routes to the United States market. In one recent sign of escalation, a device that authorities called a car bomb exploded in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, killing four. However, Burton said, it wasn't clear whether it was a case of explosives packed into a car, or a carefully rigged car bomb in the true sense of the word, the type of fine deliniation that separates groups like al Qaeda and Mexican drug cartels."
(CNN) -- Filippo Inzaghi rescued a point for AC Milan as they drew 1-1 against Catania at the San Siro, Saturday. The goal was Inzaghi's 123rd for the club and puts him just one behind the club record of 124 held by Dutchman Marco van Basten. Milan, who opened their 2010 Champions League campaign with a 2-0 win over French side Auxerre in midweek, failed to spark in a disappointing display. Ciro Capuano gave Catania the lead in the 27th minute before Inzaghi equalized just before half time. Fiorentina lost for the second weekend running, beaten 2-1 at home by Lazio. Nineteen-year-old Adem Ljalic handed Fiorentina the lead when he scored from the penalty spot in the 19th minute. But goals from Argentine Cristian Ledesma in the 32nd minute Czech international Libor Kozak scored the winner after 67 minutes sealed Fiorentina's fate. The result leaves them languishing near the bottom of the table in 17th place. Meanwhile in Spain's La Liga, Michael Laudrup enjoyed his first win in charge of Real Mallorca as they beat Osasuna 2-0 at home on Saturday. Mallorca registered their first goal of the season with a Chori Castro penalty after 25 minutes, awarded for a handball by Osasuna's Miguel Flano. The islanders made sure of the win deep into injury time with a goal from by Dutch midfielder Jonathan de Guzman. The result moves Mallorca up to seventh in La Liga. Elsewhere, Espanyol moved up to third place in the table after they defeated Almeria 1-0, courtesy of a Jose Callejon goal after 47 minutes. Athletic Bilbao came from two goals down to draw with Sporting Gijon. Gijon were two nil up within 25 minutes thanks to goals from Miguel de las Cuevas and Argentine Gaston Sangoy. But Bilbao responded with goals from Carlos Gurpegui in the 29th minute followed by an equalizer on the hour mark from Spanish international Fernando Llorente.
"Washington (CNN) -- Airline pilots who want to skip certain airport screening measures -- saying it's wasteful to search pilots for sharp objects when they can bring down planes with their bare hands -- are finally getting their way. The Transportation Security Administration announced Friday that it is taking steps to streamline screening for U.S. airline pilots. Pilots traveling in uniform on airline business will be allowed to bypass normal security screening by presenting screeners with their airline ID and another form of identification, the TSA said. The screeners will check the information against a secure, real-time airline crew member database, which includes a picture and other information to verify the pilots' employment status, the TSA said. Pilots will be subject to random screening and other layers of security, the TSA said. The TSA said the changes will take effect immediately while it phases in a more permanent system. Pilots have long argued that it is a waste of costly security resources to check pilots for restricted objects. Thousands of pilots, they note, are licensed to carry firearms in cockpits under the government's Federal Flight Deck Officer program. Time spent checking pilots would be better spent checking others, they say. ""Airline pilots are the last line of defense against someone who would use an airplane for ill. And we need to be a trusted partner in our security efforts,"" retired U.S. Airways pilot Chelsey ""Sully"" Sullenberger told CNN earlier this week. ""You know, many pilots are already armed as deputized and trained flight deck officers to defend the cockpit. And so really it's a waste of our limited resources to put airline pilots who are trusted partners in this through this screening."" TSA Administrator John Pistole said the change ""just makes for smart security and an efficient use of our resources."" The change also will likely squelch pilot complaints about going through full-body scanners, some of which emit low levels of radiation. The TSA says the scanners are safe, exposing people to about the same amount of radiation they would get by flying for about two minutes at altitude. But pilots have become alarmed by some doctors who say not enough is known about the machines. Recently, a pilots union encouraged its members to avoid the devices. On Friday, pilots unions called the announcement a welcome change. For the past three years, the TSA has tested an electronic pilot identification screening system called CrewPASS, or Crew Personnel Advanced Screening System. The TSA said Friday that CrewPASS will continue to operate at the test sites: Baltimore-Washington Thurgood Marshall International, Pittsburgh International, and Columbia (S.C.) Metropolitan airports."
"(CNN) -- He was compared to a computer game machine by the man whose dreams of European glory he destroyed, but Lionel Messi's coach preferred to focus on his human qualities. Messi underlined his status as the world's best soccer player on Tuesday night with a stunning four-goal display that put his Spanish club Barcelona into the semifinals of Europe's premier club competition, the Champions League. The 22-year-old took his goal tally for the season to a staggering 39 as he netted a hat-trick in the first half against English side Arsenal, his fourth treble this season. Blog: Is Messi better than Maradona? The Argentina international became only the sixth player in the competition's history to score four in a game, and the first this season. He equaled former Brazil star Rivaldo with a record 25 career goals in the tournament. He has already scored one more goal than he did last season -- in eight fewer games, with a possible 11 still to play. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left in no doubt about Messi's seemingly superhuman abilities. ""He's like a PlayStation,"" the Frenchman told reporters. ""I think he can take advantage of every mistake you make. ""He is very young, but can achieve a lot -- I don't know how many players in the world could score that fourth goal he scored. It looks impossible, but he makes it possible. ""Messi has something exceptional and is in his prime. This boy now has six or seven years in front of him and if nothing happens to him he can reach unbelievable levels."" Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola said that Messi's greatest quality is his humble character. ""The good thing is about Messi is that tomorrow he will get up and look for the affection of his people and his team-mates,"" Guardiola said of the young man who has overtaken David Beckham at the top of football's rich list. ""I like the love he has for football and his anonymous character. Leo was brilliant and he was decisive tonight. It is not something you can describe because you have to see it to believe it."" Messi himself was typically understated in his summation of the match, which saw Barcelona win 4-1 for a 6-3 aggregate victory. ""We are happy to go through tonight, but we have to keep going,"" he said. Barcelona will continue the defense of their European title in the semifinals against Italian champions Inter Milan, who progressed with a 1-0 win away to CSKA Moscow on Tuesday to defeat the Russians 2-0 on aggregate. The two-leg last-four clash will see Inter manager Jose Mourinho return to the club where he was part of the coaching staff in the 1990s."
"New York (CNN) -- Protesters rallied in downtown New York City Thursday to voice their anger over what they perceive as the roles Wall Street and big banks played in America's economic crisis. Marching from City Hall to Wall Street, the protesters chanted ""good jobs for all,"" and held signs with messages including ""Hold banks accountable,"" ""Make Wall Street Pay,"" and ""Reclaim America."" The AFL-CIO organized the rally, and union President Richard Trumka addressed the crowd, saying, ""How long will we allow the spirit of greed to continue to drive us into economic holes?"" The National People's Action, a group that was involved in organizing the protest, said in a news release that demonstrators represented unemployed workers, foreclosure victims and community activists. Protester Gerard Pettine said he just wants Wall Street to be held accountable for its involvement in the economic collapse. ""They need to have some integrity and some honor and do the right thing,"" Pettine told CNN. Protester Elizabeth Soto, who came with her brother to the rally, was concerned about the lack of job creation. ""We are here to say Wall Street's got to help Main Street,"" she said. ""We supported the stimulus bill, which bailed out Wall Street, but we expected the jobs to come back to Main Street."" The New York Police Department estimated that 6,000 people participated in the rally. Earlier Thursday, as part of a larger ""day of action"" against Wall Street, protesters descended upon the headquarters of two New York City banks -- JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo -- leaving letters for the banks' chief executive officers. The letters, according to the news release from the National People's Action, said that the banks have an opportunity ""to step up to the plate and be leaders in rebuilding the American economy."" JP Morgan spokesperson Mike Fusco declined to comment on the letter, but said that there were a ""couple dozen"" protesters who were in the building for less than a half hour. Fran Durst of Wells Fargo said that about 100 protesters flooded their building's lobby and tried to deliver their letter to the bank's CEO. Durst said the event didn't cause a major disruption to the bank. Other protests were scheduled in San Francisco, California; Kansas City, Missouri; and Charlotte, North Carolina, according to the National People's Action news release. CNN's Mary Snow, Jennifer Rizzo, Cassie Spodak, and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Roger Federer exclusively told CNN that the stunning shot he executed in his U.S. Open semifinal against Novak Djokovic was the best of his career. Roger Federer hailed his stunning shot against Novak Djokovic as the best of his career. The world number one produced a near-faultless performance to defeat fourth seed Djokovic in straight sets to reach his sixth consecutive U.S. Open Final at Flushing Meadows, but it was an outrageous shot to set up match point that will be most remembered. It came with Djokovic serving at 6-5 down in the third set. At love 30-0 up Federer dashed back to the baseline and hit a winner through his legs that flew over the net and past Djokovic into the corner for match point. ""I think it was the greatest shot I have ever hit in my life,"" Federer told CNN. ""I have hit some good ones over all the matches I have played, but I think this one, especially under the circumstances at love 30-up and with having chance to maybe clinch the match, was amazing. ""I got a standing ovation and people went crazy -- here in New York the crowds are fantastic -- as it was the perfect shot to hit, at exactly the right time, and I can't believe I pulled it off."" Federer also revealed he is producing his best tennis because he is under less pressure than perhaps he was at the same time last year. At this stage in 2008 Federer had not won a grand slam but after winning the French Open and a historic 15th major at Wimbledon this time round he admitted he is more relaxed. ""I have a little bit less pressure to prove myself after reaching the 15 Grand Slams everyone was talking about and I also I won in Paris,"" he added. ""Getting through the pregnancy with my wife Mirka and having two beautiful daughters is also something that relaxes you for sure. But at the same time when you walk out on center court there will always be a certain type of pressure which will be there for the rest of my career. ""I just have to make sure I handle it correctly. I always play my best tennis towards the end of a tournament and I am happy that it is continued in this match after everything that has already happened this year."" Federer will play Argentina's Juan Del Potro who reached his first grand slam final after he crushed Rafael Nadal in the other semifinal. The sixth seed blew Nadal away at the Arthur Ashe Stadium, taking two hours and 20 minutes to take a comprehensive 6-2 6-2 6-2 victory."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Iranian-Americans demonstrated on the streets of Washington on Wednesday evening, marching from Iranian diplomatic offices to the Russian embassy, in protest of both governments' actions. A Tuesday meeting of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, left, and Dmitry Medvedev has angered Iranian-Americans. The demonstration came in the wake of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev hosting Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Moscow on Tuesday, despite allegations of ballot fraud in Ahmadinejad's re-election last week. ""We're hoping that the world attention does not end from what the Iranians are doing right now, because this is not going to end in the next few days, because this is a long haul, a long battle,"" said Washington protest and group organizer Morteza Ahmady. ""Iranians are very capable of deciding their own destiny."" The group Whereismyvote.org organized the demonstration of about 100 people and aims to build support for its ""global protest"" this Saturday. ""I think it's a very new thing from a historical point of view; it's a civic movement. People try to keep it as nonviolent and civil as possible,"" said group organizer Negar Mortarzavi. In Russia, Ahmadinejad was welcomed as the ""newly re-elected president of Iran,"" with Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov telling reporters, ""the issue of elections in Iran is an internal affair of the Iranian people."" Eighty-five percent of the country's 46 million eligible voters went to the polls on Friday, an unprecedented turnout, Iran's interior ministry said. When the ballots were counted, the government declared Ahmadinejad the winner, with 62.63 percent of the vote. The man many analysts had widely expected to win, Mir Hossein Moussavi, received 33.75 percent. The speed with which the election results were released -- two hours after polls closed -- insulted the Iranian people, said Ahmady, who cited that as a sign of fraud. Moussavi's camp has demanded new elections. Sarah, a Washington protester who would give only her first name, agreed. ""We're not saying that pro-Ahmadinejad supporters don't exist; they do exist,"" she said. ""And we're saying that, yes, if they indeed did win the vote, then the election should be theirs, because we are a democratic people. But we don't feel comfortable with the numbers that came out of Iran. And we're not saying that we don't accept it altogether. We're just asking for a revote."""
"(CNN)  -- CNN colleagues have been paying tribute to the network's former Jerusalem correspondent Jerrold Kessel, who died Thursday at age 65 after a long battle with cancer. Kessel was a tireless reporter in a troubled part of the world. ""Jerrold worked for CNN for 13 years from 1990 to 2003 during some of the most spectacular highs and lows of the Middle East and was one of the network's regular reporting faces from the region,"" said Jerusalem Bureau Chief Kevin Flower. ""He was a passionate journalist and a guiding force for many he worked with."" Kessel was born in South Africa and moved to Israel as a young man. He was a widely published print reporter who worked for the Jerusalem Post and Israel Radio before joining CNN as a field producer, then correspondent and deputy bureau chief. He led CNN's viewers through events ranging from the Oslo accords between Israel and the Palestinians, to the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin, Israeli elections and the intifada. A portly man with a fuzzy white beard, Kessel's gentle appearance and warm friendly manner gave no hint of his inner intensity. He was known to colleagues for his seven-day-a-week commitment to the story, his voluble personality and his insider's knowledge of Middle East events. ""Jerrold was an expert on the Israeli-Palestinian story, and managed to explain the complicated politics of the Mideast on our air for so many years,"" said Parisa Khosravi, CNN's Senior Vice President of international newsgathering. CNN Anchor Jim Clancy, a former Beirut correspondent well-traveled through the region in his own right, said he also benefited from Kessel's experience. ""Jerrold always went out of his way to help others understand the context of the story and shared his knowledge and his sources unselfishly."" Kessel's encyclopedic knowledge of the region made him a favorite of CNN producers when news broke. As the network scrambled to figure out the story, Kessel could vamp on air as long as needed. ""If the producer said in his ear, 'keep going' there would be a hint of a smile, and he would keep right on going,"" said CNN Senior Editorial Director Richard Griffiths. Even faithful viewers would probably be surprised to learn that Kessel was devoted to cricket, his vegetarian diet and more profoundly, to his family. He is survived by his wife, son and four grandchildren."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistan's president has defended his government's recent ceasefire in the country's volatile Swat Valley in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece, saying that many in the West have mischaracterized the deal. President Zardari also said that the cease-fire would not close girls' schools in the troubled region. The permanent ceasefire, which was brokered in late February between members of the Taliban and leaders of Swat Valley, has been criticized and called a major concession by the Pakistani government in an attempt to hold off Taliban attacks. The central government has long exerted little control in the area, but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants from areas of the North West Frontier Province . As retaliation for the military presence, the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks, beheadings and destruction of girls' schools. They also continued to gain ground, setting up checkpoints throughout the area. President Asif Ali Zardari addressed the international criticism in his Wall Street Journal article, published Wednesday. ""We have not and will not negotiate with extremist Taliban and terrorists,"" Zardari wrote. ""The clerics with whom we have engaged are not Taliban. Indeed, in our dialogue we'd made it clear that it is their responsibility to rein in and neutralize Taliban and other insurgents."" The deal was brokered by Sufi Mohammed, a pro-Taliban cleric who in the past was arrested for leading thousands of fighters against the United States in Afghanistan. Mohammed made the deal with his son-in-law and Taliban commander Maulana Fazlullah. In the article, Zardari also said that the cease-fire would not close girls' schools in the region. ""We have not and will not condone the closing of girls' schools, as we saw last year when militants closed schools in pockets of Swat Valley. Indeed, the government insists that the education of young women is mandatory. This is not an example of the government condoning or capitulating to extremism -- quite the opposite,"" Zardari wrote. The cease-fire deal imposes Islamic law, or sharia, in the region. As part of the agreement, the Taliban is allowing boys' schools to reopen and the government to set up temporary quarters for the more than 200,000 Swat residents who fled. Women in the area interviewed by CNN said that they would not be able to go to the schools and that, under Taliban-imposed sharia law, they cannot even be seen in public without their husbands or fathers. Swat Valley, located in North West Frontier Province, was once one of Pakistan's biggest tourist destinations. It is near the Afghanistan border and is 300 kilometers (186 miles) from the capital, Islamabad. -- CNN's Stan Grant contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Victoria Arter was outraged when she heard the announcement over the Wal-Mart loudspeaker. ""Attention, Wal-Mart shoppers,"" she said a male voice announced. ""All blacks need to leave the store."" ""We waited and waited. Some people just left their carts in disgust and said they couldn't believe it,"" Arter told Philly.com, a CNN affiliate. It was busy shortly before 7 p.m. Sunday at the Turnersville, New Jersey, Wal-Mart Supercenter. Arter, a 29-year-old assistant bank manager who is black, didn't know what was going on, but she was not happy. Neither were other customers, who began dialing their cell phones and demanding answers from managers. Some were just quiet, still in shock at what they'd heard. A few moments later, a store manager got on the public address system and began apologizing and contacted the local police. This week, authorities have said they're investigating the episode as ""a suspected bias intimidation crime."" Arter frequently shopped at the Wal-Mart, but she won't go there any longer, she told the Philadelphia online news source. ""It could have led to violence,"" Arter told Philly.com. ""It could have triggered someone who was having a bad day. I don't want to be an innocent bystander to something because of someone's not-so-funny joke."" ""I can't go back in,"" said Patricia Covington, who was also in the store and spoke to Philly.com. ""I went to Target instead. I can't bring myself to go back in there."" She and her friend Sheila Ellington were checking out when they heard the announcement. An attorney, Ellington is also a member of the Gloucester County Minority Coalition. Both were frightened, unsure of whether the person on the microphone was going to do something violent. ""This voice was controlled and confident,"" Ellington told Philly.com. ""It didn't appear to be a prank."" The discount chain is ""just as appalled by this as anyone,"" Wal-Mart corporate spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said. ""Whoever did this is wrong and acted in an inappropriate manner."" Police and prosecutors are reviewing security camera video from the store. Any of the 25 in-store telephones could have accessed the public address system, although not all phones are within range of surveillance cameras, authorities said. It's unclear whether the tape will be made public to help identify the speaker. The store has 700 employees; many are part-time. Some of the store's telephones can be accessed by customers."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- A protester opposed to the expansion of Heathrow Airport threw green custard in the face of British Business Secretary Peter Mandelson on Friday. Mandelson: ""Thankfully, it wasn't paint and I've come through it intact."" Mandelson had just stepped out of his car for a meeting on carbon emissions when the woman threw the cup of custard at him. She shouted a few words at Mandelson, who rushed inside the building, before walking away. London's Metropolitan Police said it did not arrest the woman because ""no complaint has been made as yet."" Plane Stupid, a group that opposes airport expansion and aviation-related climate change, identified the protester as Leila Deen, 29. ""It's not right that someone like Peter Mandelson can stand up and talk about being green. The only thing green about Peter Mandelson is the slime coursing through his veins,"" said Deen, who said she works at a poverty charity. Deen disguised the custard in a disposable coffee cup with a lid. ""It was a grave decision that I had to take to highlight this, but we cannot have people like Peter Mandelson standing by and being applauded for his actions on climate change when he's agreed to the third runway and bullied others into that,"" she added. Mandelson indicated that Deen failed to make her point. ""She was so busy throwing what seemed like green soup or something in my face that she failed to tell me what the protest was about,"" he said. ""Thankfully, it wasn't paint and I've come through it intact."" Mandelson said he wanted to get on with his meeting ""and not bother too much with adolescent protests.""  Watch Mandelson get ""slimed""  . It was the second high-profile action this week by Plane Stupid, which has become known for headline-grabbing stunts. Tuesday, nine of the group's protesters broke into the grounds of Aberdeen Airport in Scotland and delayed flights for several hours in a demonstration over expansion. The British government voted in January to approve a controversial third runway at Heathrow, saying it will increase airport capacity and is essential for British business. The government has promised noise and emission levels will actually be reduced as Britain meets European Union targets. Heathrow currently operates at 99 percent capacity. The runway's construction would involve razing areas around the airport, including an entire village and parts of two other towns. Opponents say emission levels will actually increase under the plans."
"(CNN) -- Israel was founded on democratic principles with the Jewish state's declaration of independence in 1948 including a commitment to the ""complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion, race or sex."" It has remained a continuous democracy ever since. The 120-seat Knesset is the Israeli seat of government. The seat of Israeli government is the Knesset, the country's national parliament, located in Jerusalem, which Israel claims as its capital. The Knesset's 120 lawmakers are elected by universal suffrage with all Israeli citizens over the age of 18 entitled to vote. Knesset seats are divided according to each party's proportion of the overall vote. But parties must poll at least two percent nationally to gain a seat. Participation in elections, including among Arab Israelis who constitute around 20 percent of the population, has traditionally been high at around 80 percent turnout, according to Israeli government figures. Israel currently has around 5.3 million eligible voters. Israel usually holds national elections every four years. But this year's poll on February 10 was called early -- less than three years since the last vote -- by Israeli President Shimon Peres following the resignation of prime minister Ehud Olmert amid allegations of corruption and his Kadima Party successor Tzipi Livni's failure to form a coalition. Olmert has continued to serve as caretaker prime minister in the interim. Coalitions of two or more parties are common in Israel; in fact no party has ever won enough votes to form a government by itself. Those remaining outside the ruling coalition make up the opposition. Thirty-four parties will participate in the 2009 elections, including major parties such as Kadima, Likud and Labor and also three Arab parties. The task of forming and leading a government is charged by Israel's president to the Knesset member and party leader considered to have the best chance of forming a viable coalition. The prime minister-designate then has 28 days, extendable by 14 days, to build a coalition commanding the support of at least 61 Knesset members. Officials results are due to be published on February 18 with the new Knesset convening on March 2."
"Mexico City, Mexico (CNN) -- Teodoro ""El Teo"" Garcia Simental, one of Mexico's most wanted drug traffickers, was arrested Tuesday, Mexican and U.S. authorities said. The capture of the high-level drug trafficker comes on the heels of successful military operations against another cartel last month. Mexican federal police, assisted by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, made the arrest in the city of La Paz, Mexico, the capital of the state of Baja California Sur, DEA spokesman Michael Sanders said. Garcia Simental was a top lieutenant of the Tijuana cartel until he defected to the rival Sinaloa cartel after a power struggle. ""He is one the most notorious drug lords and was on a list of the Top 24 drug traffickers in all of Mexico"" said another DEA official, who asked not to be identified because officials were still gathering preliminary information. Authorities presented Garcia Simental, together with another man captured in the raid, Diego Raymundo Gutierrez Gomez, to the media in Mexico City on Tuesday. Garcia Simental is accused of more than 300 murders, most of them since he split from the Tijuana-based Arellano-Felix organization in April 2008, Federal Police Section Chief Ramon Eduardo Pequeno said. One of his jobs for the Arellano-Felix cartel was disposing of bodies, Pequeno said. Garcia Simental is accused of disposing of 300 body parts by dipping them in acid, Pequeno said. Once he split from the Arellano-Felix cartel, Garcia Simental continued to operate a drug trafficking organization in Tijuana with the help of rival cartels. The Sinaloa cartel and the Michoacan, Mexico-based La Familia cartel supplied Garcia Simental's group with drugs, which he would smuggle into the United States, Pequeno said. This splintering of the Tijuana cartel was a cause of much of the violence seen in the border city since 2008, he said. Tuesday's arrest was the result of more than five months of intelligence operations, Pequeno said. There was a reward of up to 30 million pesos (U.S. $2.4 million) for Garcia Simental's capture. CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden in Washington contributed to this report."
(CNN) -- Taliban militants, who implemented Islamic law in Pakistan's violence-plagued Swat Valley last week, have now taken control of a neighboring district. Protests in Karachi against the creation of sharia courts in Swat Valley. Here are some answers about the Swat Valley, its history and what's taking place there. What is Swat Valley? Swat Valley is located in Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, near the border with Afghanistan and about 185 miles (300 kilometers) from the Pakistani capital of Islamabad. The alpine region once was one of Pakistan's premier tourist destinations, boasting the nation's only ski resort until it was shut down after Taliban militants overran the area. It also was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and those wishing to visit the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area. What's happening in Swat Valley? In recent years Taliban militants unleashed a wave of violence that claimed hundreds of lives in the province. The militants wanted sharia law -- or Islamic law -- imposed in the region. They took over the valley in 2008. The central government of Pakistan, which long exerted little control in the area, launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out the militants. In retaliation, the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks and began gaining ground, setting up checkpoints in the area. Has the government intervened? The militants and the Pakistani government reached a peace deal earlier this year, which was recently signed into law by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari. Under the deal, sharia law was imposed in the region. While the peace deal drew criticism for the Pakistani government, some analysts and political observers say the government had little choice but to capitulate, as militants have terrorized the region with beheadings, kidnappings and the destruction of schools. What's happening now? This week, the Taliban moved to seize control of the neighboring Buner district, bringing it closer to Islamabad than it has been since Taliban insurgency began. What is sharia law? Sharia law is Islamic law. While there are different interpretations of it, the Taliban's strict interpretation forbids women from being seen in public without their husbands and fathers, requires veils for women and beards for men, and bans music and television. Consequences are severe; during the Taliban struggle to impose sharia law, anyone found disobeying was pinned to the ground and lashed. Others were beheaded and hung from poles, with notices attached to their bodies that anyone daring to remove the corpse before 48 hours had passed would also be beheaded and hanged.
"(CNN) -- A rare letter evincing a display of affection between President Theodore Roosevelt and his youngest son is up for sale by a dealer who obtained it from a Roosevelt family friend. Roosevelt sent the letter to his 6-year-old son, Quentin, during a trip to Yellowstone National Park in 1903. It is the only letter from the trip to his family to reach the market, and its existence was unknown to scholars and institutions until its discovery in the possession of a family friend, said Nathan Raab, vice president of the Raab Collection, which is selling the letter through its Web site. ""The relationship between Theodore Roosevelt and Quentin, his favorite son, is not one many people know about, so finding a letter like this to Quentin is a once in a lifetime discovery made even more poignant by the fact that it's unpublished,"" said Raab, who values the letter at $25,000. In the letter, Roosevelt addresses his son by his nickname, ""Quenty-Quee,"" and provides a brief glimpse into life on the trail, including a small sketch of the mule that carried his gear on the trip. ""I love you very much. Here is a picture of the mule that carries, among other things, my bag of clothes. There are about twenty mules in the pack train. They all follow one another in single file up and down mountain paths and across streams."" The letter is signed, ""Your loving father."" Share the most treasured letter you ever received . Raab said, ""This offers another side of Theodore Roosevelt, who was this rough rider, men's man, yet had this warm, loving affectionate, relationship with a son, who shared a lot of his father's physical and intellectual attributes. He was the apple of Theodore Roosevelt's eye."" Quentin Roosevelt, the youngest of Edith and Theodore Roosevelt's six children, was 3 years old when his father was elected president. He was known for his rambunctious behavior in the White House and eventually for his scholastic aptitude, drawing comparisons to his father. He joined the United States Army Air Service and became a fighter pilot during World War I at the nudging of his father, an ardent promoter of the war. He was killed in aerial combat over France when he was 20. His death profoundly affected the president, Raab said. ""His friends said he was never the same man again, and you see the love he had for his son in this letter,"" Raab said."
"(CNN) -- The bodies of two men -- both decapitated and showing signs of torture -- were found early Sunday in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, the state attorney general's office said. The victims were found in the Colony of Los Nogales neighborhood in Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua. Their hands and feet had been bound with duct tape, state attorney general's office spokesman Arturo Sandoval said. Investigators were still working on identifying the victims, Sandoval said. Attached to the bodies were two notes from a drug cartel, Sandoval said. He would not elaborate on what was written on the notes. ""This phenomenon [of violence] here ... we've been seeing it, and living it in Juarez for the last two years,"" Sandoval said. The killings were the latest in a nearly four-year-old eruption of drug-related violence in Juarez and surrounding Chihuahua state. At least 883 people have been killed in drug-fueled violence in Juarez this year, officials say. According to a report released in April by the Mexican government, Chihuahua is the country's hardest-hit state by drug violence, with more than 6,757 people killed since the start of the drug war at the end of 2006. But despite local reports and contrary to popular belief, the violence in Juarez has lessened recently, said Sandoval. ""Before we had 10 homicides a day, now we have six. This has been constant for the last two years. It comes and goes,"" he added. The body of another man was found Sunday morning dumped in front of a church in the Valley of Juarez two miles outside Juarez proper, Sandoval said. Drug cartels often dump bodies in front of churches in Juarez as a tactic to intimidate priests from repeating details of drug violence heard during confessionals. On Friday in the Valley of Juarez, six men were killed after they were shot by assailants and their van crashed into a kindergarten, municipal police department spokesman Jacinto Seguro said. Two others involved in the crash, identified by police as Enrique Torres, 33, and Francisco Manuel Torres, 26, were injured and were still recuperating in a hospital, according to state prosecutors. ""We have not had a chance to interview them yet, but we will. We're waiting for them to recuperate before we start the interrogation process,"" Sandoval said. ""But we have already started the investigation,"" he added."
"(CNN) -- An ancient race that lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert may have been among the first to use cannabis for medical or religious purposes. Researchers believe an ancient Gushi shaman may have consumed or burned pot for medical or religious purposes. Nearly two pounds of the plant was found stashed in the tomb of a Gushi shaman. It was high in the chemical compounds that provide its psychoactive properties. ""It had evidence of the chemical attributes of cannabis used as a drug,"" said Dr. Ethan Russo, an author of a study published in the Journal of Experimental Botany. ""It could have been for pain control. It could have been for other medicinal properties. It could have been used as an aid to divination."" The Gushi people were a Caucasian race with light hair and blue eyes who likely migrated thousands of years ago from the steppes of Russia to what is now China. A nomadic people, they were accomplished horsemen and archers. Chinese archaeologists excavating a network of 2,500 tombs near the town of Turpan in the Xinjiang-Uighur Autonomous Region unearthed the shaman's grave, which contained the cannabis, along with a trove of artifacts such as bridles, archery equipment and a rare harp. The shaman is thought to have been about 45 years old when he died. Many of the bodies recovered in the area were found in an incredibly well-preserved, almost mummified condition. The shaman, however, was a skeleton. ""The deceased was laid out on the bottom of this tomb on a little bier,"" Russo said. ""This individual seemed to be very high status because of the variety and quality of the grave goods, including the equestrian equipment, the archery equipment and the large amount of cannabis."" Russo said no pipe for smoking the cannabis was found in the shaman's tomb. Researchers think he might have eaten the cannabis or possibly put it on a burning fire to create fumes. They don't think it was used to make hemp clothing or rope, as some other early cultures did. Genetic analysis of the plant suggests it was cultivated rather than gathered from the wild. This find is not the first or the oldest example of ancient people using cannabis, but it may be the best studied. ""There may have been older finds of cannabis, but not with this level of scientific investigation attached to them,"" Russo said."
"(CNN) -- European Ryder Cup star Miguel Angel Jimenez snapped his putter in frustration at the Volvo Golf Champions tournament in Bahrain but then carded three birdies with his lob wedge to tie for the lead. The Spaniard became increasingly frustrated with his play on the greens after missing a succession of birdie chances and snapped his putter in two on the 13th hole. But if anything, it gave his game a boost as he picked up shots on the 15th, 16th and 17th to finish with a 65 and tie with three other players at 11-under-par after the second round. Italian Edoardo Molinari, Sweden's Peter Hanson and Frenchman Raphal Jacquelin share the lead with Jimenez. After his extraordinary hat-trick of birdies Jimenez joked on the European Tour website: ""I think now I putt with my lob wedge."" Northern Irishman Darren Clarke, who was a vice-captain during Europe's Ryder Cup victory over the United States in Wales last year, was playing with Jimenez when his putter felt the full force of his anger. Clarke told how his playing partner ""just caught the edge of his bag"" with the putter, joking that his backswing was ""a bit long."" Molinari came flying out of the traps carding six birdies in the opening six holes but after such an impressive start he managed only one more in his round of 65. Hanson shot a five-under round of 67 to take a share of the lead, while Jacquelin matched Molinari and Jimenez with seven birdies in his round. Clarke is in a group of four players one shot behind the leaders with England's Paul Casey, Scot Stephen Gallacher and South Africa's James Kingston. It wasn't such a good day for England's Ian Poulter who finished on three-under and tied for 50th place. After his opening round of level par on Thursday he ranted on his Twitter site. He said: ""Played great today 35 putts, missed 1 green, Simply the WORST greens i have ever seen & im not joking they are embarrassing."" He later added: ""Apparently the Architect wanted to make a statement with the greens, he did that alright they are &%$#."""
"London, England (CNN) -- Reports that Iran has sentenced a British embassy employee to four years in prison are ""deeply concerning,"" British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Thursday. Hossein Rassam ""is a hardworking embassy official"" who was ""doing work that was wholly within the boundaries of diplomatic work,"" Miliband said at a news conference in Brussels, Belgium. The reported sentence is ""wholly unjustified and represents further harassment of embassy staff for going about their normal and legitimate duties,"" Miliband had said earlier, in a statement issued Wednesday. Rassam is one of several British embassy employees arrested in the wake of Iran's disputed June 12 presidential election. Thousands of Iranians took to the streets to protest the official results declaring President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner. Iran accused Britain and the United States of fomenting the unrest. Rassam was put on trial in August. The European Union, France and the United Kingdom denounced the proceeding. Rassam's lawyer has not officially been informed of the embassy worker's sentence, and he does not know where Rassam is, he told Iranian media. Abdolsamad Khorramshahi told the Fars News Agency that the terms of Rassam's bail did not prevent him from leaving the country. He said Rassam had been in Iran recently, but he did not know his current whereabouts. He said he could not express an opinion on the verdict before the court officially informs him of it, which he said normally happens after it is issued. The European Union condemned the reported verdict as ""unjustified and harsh,"" and urged ""the Iranian authorities to overturn it swiftly,"" the Swedish presidency of the 27-nation bloc said in a statement Thursday. ""Any action against one EU country (a citizen or member of embassy staff) is considered an action against the entire EU, and will be treated accordingly,"" the statement said. France also condemned the sentencing of Rassam. Miliband said he understood the sentence could be appealed and urged ""the authorities to conduct this quickly and overturn this harsh sentence."" ""This will be seen as an attack against the entire diplomatic community in Iran,"" he said in a statement late Wednesday. The Foreign Office summoned the Iranian ambassador to London, and Britain's envoy in Tehran spoke to Iran's deputy foreign minister, Miliband said."
"Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Military officials Tuesday identified two sailors involved in a firefight in eastern Afghanistan last week that left one of them dead and the other in the hands of the Taliban. Afghan and coalition forces recovered the remains of Petty Officer 2nd Class Justin McNeley, 30, of Wheatridge, Colorado, on Sunday, the Defense Department said.  Petty Officer 3rd Class Jarod Newlove, 25, of Renton, Washington, is listed as Duty Status Whereabouts Unknown, the Pentagon said. Newlove and McNeley were travelling in Logar province when they were attacked, the military said. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said Monday that one American died in a firefight and the other is being held by the group. Mujahid said the two Americans were driving in a civilian vehicle in the village of Dasht, in Charkh district. The Taliban wanted to take both men alive, but the firefight broke out, killing one of the Americans, Mujahid said. The other is alive and being held in a safe location, he said. Newlove's family released a statement through the Navy asking that the media release no details of the incident or information about the family. ""The information in the wrong hands could certainly jeopardize Jerod's safety and well being,"" Navy spokesman Sean Hughes said. ""The Newlove family and Navy appreciate as much privacy as possible during this difficult time which we all sincerely hope has a positive outcome."" Provincial government officials confirmed McNeley's death on Sunday. Den Mohammad Darwish, the spokesman for the governor of Logar province, said he learned from locals that the American was killed. He said the body was found in the Patanak Mountains of Charkh district. He also said the vehicle the men were driving was located Sunday. There were no immediate demands from the Taliban for the return of the Americans because the group was still deliberating what its demands would be, Mujahid said. A U.S. military official confirmed that a $20,000 reward was being offered for information leading to the return of the two sailors. Posters were being distributed in the region. CNN's Atia Abawi and Barbara Starr contributed to this report."
"London (CNN) -- A British businessman who is accused of having his wife killed during their honeymoon in South Africa was given two more weeks to prepare his defense against extradition, a judge ruled Thursday. Shrien Dewani's next hearing will be February 8, the judge ruled. He is free on bail until that date, when the timing of the extradition hearing will be set. Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife during a taxi ride in Cape Town, South Africa in November. Dewani's wife, Anni Dewani, died in an apparent carjacking as the couple took a taxi ride in a crime-ridden neighborhood of Cape Town. Dewani was allowed to leave South Africa, but prosecutors there later accused him of hiring the hitmen to kill Anni. Dewani's lawyers say he is innocent and will fight extradition. Granting him bail in December, British Judge Duncan Ousely rejected concerns from the South African government that Dewani would use his funds and international connections to flee before an extradition hearing. Ben Watson, a lawyer for the South African government, cited hotel surveillance video that he said showed Dewani twice meeting with a cab driver as the sort of evidence indicating Dewani's involvement in a plot against his wife. But Ousely ruled that Dewani, who did not attend the hearing, had a genuine interest in clearing his name and said he has cooperated with investigators from both England and South Africa. Dewani's solicitor, Andrew Katzen, said he was ""delighted"" with the outcome but declined further comment following the court hearing. In documents, prosecutors detail meetings that Dewani had with the taxicab driver during which he allegedly paid the driver 15,000 South African rand ($2,170) to have hitmen kill his wife and make it look like a carjacking. ""The alleged hijacking was in fact not a hijacking, but part of a plan of subterfuge which Shrien Dewani, the husband of the deceased and the accused, had designed to conceal the true facts ... that the deceased was murdered at the instance of the husband,"" South African prosecutors wrote in court documents. The court documents do not say why Dewani allegedly wanted his wife dead. The driver, Zola Tongo, was sentenced to 18 years in prison in South Africa after admitting to taking part in the killing. CNN's Antonia Mortensen and Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- China's Li Na took down the No. 4 seed Caroline Wozniacki at the Australian Open on Monday in Melbourne, following compatriot Zheng Jie into the quarterfinals -- the first time Chinese women have made it this far in the season's first Grand Slam. Though Li, the No. 16 seed, had 34 unforced errors compared to Wozniacki's 22, she also nailed 21 winners against three for her opponent. She also made 70 percent of her break point conversions as opposed to 42 percent by Wozniacki. ""Against her, you need to just play on your highest level the whole match through and keep concentrated and keep a lot of balls in play,"" Wozniacki told australianopen.com. Of the original top five women's seeds, only No. 1 Serena Williams is still in competition. Her sister, the No. 6 seed Venus, fought off a challenge on Monday from Italy's Francesca Schiavone (17) to advance, 6-3, 6-2, 6-1. Schiavone hit five aces compared to none for Williams, but she also made more unforced errors -- 32 -- as opposed to 29 for her opponent. ""She played really well in the first set. I have to give her credit. She just played really aggressively. You know, she was making her shots, doing everything she needed to do to win the match,"" Williams told australianopen.com. ""But, you know, obviously it takes a lot to close out a match, especially on an important match like that one. I was able just to get some footing back in and start to execute the way I wanted to."" Williams will face Li Na -- whom she lost to in the Beijing Olympics in 2008. ""She's a very good player,"" Wiliams told the Web site. ""Obviously to beat Wozniacki, you have to play very well consistently. I'm sure she did that. Probably will try to do that in the next round."" Others in the quarterfinals include former world number one Justine Henin, Maria Kirilenko and Nadia Petrova. Zheng Jie on Sunday became the first Chinese player to make the last eight of the Australian Open by beating Ukraine's Alona Bondarenko 7-6 6-4. She next faces the unseeded Kirilenko, who put out former champion Maria Sharapova in the first round."
"(CNN)  -- The small Baltic nation of Estonia is ending its nearly six-year military operation in Iraq by not replacing its platoon of 34 troops. Estonian soldiers on patrol near Baghdad in 2004. Estonia's Defense Minister Jaak Aaviksoo said the country will not deploy its next infantry platoon to Iraq, according to a statement from the ministry. Platoon ESTPLA-18 was ready to replace the previous 34-man platoon which returned to Estonia from Iraq in late December, The Baltic Times reported. The Estonian defense ministry announced Thursday it had failed to reach an agreement with Iraq's government about the troops' legal status. Aaviksoo said the absence of a legal agreement ""specifying the legal status of our soldiers"" was one of three reasons Estonia ended its military operation in Iraq. He said the other two reasons were the improving security situation in Iraq and the Iraqi government's desire to ""continue bilateral cooperation in forms other than battle units."" A bilateral agreement spelling out future defense-related cooperation between Iraq and Estonia is still being hammered out, Aaviksoo said. Estonia will continue to participate in a NATO-led training mission in Iraq, with three staff officers, he said. The Estonian defense ministry said Aaviksoo will soon visit Iraq to formally terminate the Estonian Defense Forces' operation and discuss future defense-related cooperation with his Iraqi counterpart, Abdul Al-Qadir Jassam. In late December, Iraq's Presidency Council approved a resolution allowing non-U.S. troops to remain in the country after a U.N. mandate expired at the end of 2008. The resolution authorized Iraq to negotiate bilateral agreements with the countries, including Estonia. If that resolution had not been approved by the end of the year, those countries would have been in Iraq illegally. The United States concluded a separate agreement in November with the Iraqi government authorizing the continued presence of its troops. U.S. combat forces plan to pull back from population centers in Iraq by July 2009 and to withdraw from Iraq by the end of 2011. The British government says its forces will complete their mission of training Iraqi troops by May 31, 2009, and withdraw from the country by July 31, 2009. Britain has 4,100 troops in Iraq, the second-largest contingent after the United States with 142,500. Australian troops also plan to be out of the country by the end of July."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Dozens of suspected terrorists released by the United States from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are believed to have returned to terrorism activities, according to the Pentagon. Pentagon officials say 61 former Gitmo detainees have committed or are suspected of returning to terrorism. Since 2002, 61 former detainees have committed or are suspected to have committed attacks after being released from the detention camp, Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said at a briefing Tuesday. The number is up since the Pentagon's last report in March 2008 when officials said 37 former detainees had been suspected of returning to the battlefield since 2002. Since 2007, more than 100 detainees were released, significantly more than in previous years, according to Pentagon officials. According to the statistics, of the 61 former detainees that are believed to have returned to fighting, 18 have been officially confirmed while 43 are suspected, Morrell said. The 18 were confirmed through intelligence, photographs, fingerprints and other information, Morrell said. Of the 43 other detainees suspected of taking part in terrorist attacks, only ""plausible reporting"" on their activities indicated some kind of involvement, according to Morrell. Officials would only identify one of the confirmed attackers, Adballah Salih al-Ajmi, a Kuwaiti man released from U.S. custody at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in 2005. Pentagon officials said Salih al-Ajmi blew himself up in a suicide attack in Iraq in April 2008. Since 2002, the Pentagon has released about 520 detainees to their home countries or counties that agreed to take them. Some have been released in full by those countries while others are still being held. ""There, clearly, are people who are being held at Guantanamo who are still bent on doing harm to America, Americans and our allies, so there will have to be some solution for the likes of them,"" Morrell said. About 250 detainees remain held at Guantanamo and about 60 of those detainees have been cleared for release by the Pentagon, but their home countries will not take them or the U.S. believes they could be harmed by their governments if returned. President-elect Barack Obama has said he intends to shut down Guantanamo. Earlier this week, two sources close to the Obama transition team said he could issue an order to do so as early as his first week in office, saying that Obama believes ""the legal framework at Gitmo has failed to successfully and swiftly prosecute terrorists."""
"New York (CNN) -- Emmy-winning ""Golden Girls"" actress Rue McClanahan died of a stroke in a New York hospital early Thursday, her manager said. She was 76. McClanahan, who suffered a cerebral hemorrhage last Monday, was surrounded by family when she died at New York-Presbyterian Hospital, according to manager Barbara Lawrence. The actress' career began on the New York stage in the 1950s, but her long television career was first boosted when producer Norman Lear cast McClanahan in his hit CBS series ""All in the Family"" in 1971. She appeared in Lear's ""Maude"" a year later. Her most memorable TV role was as Southern belle Blanche Devereaux on ""The Golden Girls,"" which ran from 1985 through 1992. McClanahan won an Emmy for best lead actress in a comedy in 1987. Betty White is the last surviving member of the four ""Golden Girls"" stars. ""Rue was a close and dear friend,"" White said Thursday. ""I treasured our relationship. It hurts more than I even thought it would, if that's possible."" Estelle Getty passed away in 2008, and Bea Arthur died last year. McClanahan requested that no funeral be held for her, but memorial services will be announced for later this summer in New York and Los Angeles, California, Lawrence said. Fans can pay their respects online, a family statement said. ""Please join us in celebrating Rue's amazing life"" by visiting a memorial page established for her on Facebook, the family said. McClanahan's last comedic TV role was in an episode of Tyler Perry's ""Meet the Browns,"" taped in 2009. She carried the Devereaux character to three other TV series, including ""The Golden Palace,"" ""Empty Nest"" and ""Nurses."" She was married six times and had one child. Her son, Mark Bish, was born in 1958 during a brief first marriage. Her present marriage to Morrow Wilson, starting in 1997, was her longest. Her book ""My First Five Husbands ... And the Ones Who Got Away"" was published in 2007. McClanahan was born in Healdton, Oklahoma, on February 21, 1934, to parents with Scottish and native American heritage. CNN's Jack Hannah contributed to this report."
"CNN -- Lionel Messi is universally recognized as being one of football's greatest current players and the Argentine, who does not turn 22 until June, will have a captive world-wide audience watching his every move when he dons the famous red and blue Barcelona shirt for Wednesday's Champions League final against Manchester United. Lionel Messi has finished second in FIFA's World Player of the Year award two years in a row. Messi burst onto the world stage in 2003 when he made his debut, as a raw 16-year-old, in a friendly against Portuguese side Porto -- and since then he has become the natural heir-apparent to Argentine legend Diego Maradona. Born in Rosario, Argentina, in 1987, a year after Maradona almost single-handidly won the World Cup for his country in Mexico, Messi's talent was obvious at a very early age. He joined Argentine club Newell's Old Boys aged just eight, where he stayed until he joined Barcelona's under-14 squad in 2000. With Barcelona he has already won three league championships, two Spanish Super cups, the Copa del Rey and the Champions League. On the international stage he has won the Under-20 World Cup with Argentina in 2005, while being voted player of tournament and making his mark as the tournament's leading goalscorer. He made his debut for the senior team aged 18 and played a leading role in the side that won a gold medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. According to Forbes magazine, Messi was football's sixth-richest earner in 2008. Of his $18 million income, only a relatively small $7m came from endorsements. Maradona, now coach of the Argentine national side, has described Messi as ""beautiful to watch,"" adding ""he has something different to any other player in the world."" Messi has scored eight times in this year's Champions League and is odds-on to become the competition's leading scorer -- and a winning goal in Rome on Wednesday will add the icing on the cake in what has been a superb season for both Messi and Barca. Messi's outstanding performances during the 2007/2008 season earned him second place in voting for European Footballer of the Year and FIFA World Player of the Year honors, both times being beaten by Cristiano Ronaldo. However, if he helps Barcelona add the Champions League to their La Lia and Copa del Rey crowns this season, he is likely to go one better when this year's awards are handed out."
"LONDON, England (CNN)  -- A Russian naval ship rescued a Dutch container vessel under attack by suspected Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden, the head of the International Maritime Bureau said Wednesday. The Liberian-flagged oil tanker Sirius Star was recently released by pirates off Somalia. Two or three pirate speedboats were chasing the Dutch ship, with the goal of boarding it, when the Russians intervened, said Capt. Pottengal Mukundan, director of the International Maritime Bureau in London. He said the pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the Dutch ship, but no injuries were reported. The incident occurred about midday Tuesday. The Russians chased one of the speedboats but the pirates got away, Mukundan said. He said he did not know where the Dutch ship was headed. ""It is important that the naval vessels continue to respond robustly to these pirates,"" he said.  Watch how attacks peaked in 2008  . Hijackings off the coast of East Africa have become a growing international concern, prompting a number of foreign navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden and neighboring coastal areas. The Gulf of Aden links the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea. About 20,000 oil tankers, freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route near Somalia each year. Most of the attacks are blamed on pirates based in largely lawless Somalia, a country racked by poverty and conflict. Watch CNN's exclusive interview with a pirate . According to the United Nations, there were 115 reported pirate attacks off the Somali coast in 2008, including 46 successful hijackings. Read blog on how CNN contacted a pirate . The troubling rise in Somali piracy has led the United Nations to step up efforts to tackle the crime. The first U.N. group to address piracy met Wednesday in New York. Mark Kimmitt, U.S. assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs chaired the ""contact group"" of two dozen nations and five multi-national organizations. He said the group was formed to ""establish a counter-piracy coordination mechanism,"" and the members believe more can be done to halt piracy. Still, Kimmitt noted that less than one percent of manifests off the Somali coast are attacked by pirates and only 50 percent of those have crew and passengers taken hostage. The U.N. Security Council adopted a resolution in December expanding counter-piracy measures off the Horn of Africa, including a stipulation that allows national and regional military forces to chase pirates onshore in Somalia when in ""hot pursuit."""
"(CNN) -- Barcelona forward Lionel Messi has been named the best player in Europe, becoming the first Argentine to win the prestigious Ballon d'Or award on Tuesday. Last year's winner Cristiano Ronaldo came second, with Messi's teammates from Barcelona's historic 2008-09 treble-winning side -- Spain midfielders Xavi and Andres Iniesta plus Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o (now at Inter Milan) -- rounding out the top five. The 22-year-old Messi helped the Catalan giants to the Spanish La Liga and European Champions League titles as well as the Copa Del Rey, while his Argentina side scraped into the World Cup finals after finishing fourth in their South American qualifying campaign. Messi told France Football magazine, organizers of the award, that he knew he was ""among the favorites because Barcelona had a profitable year."" ""For me it's a big honor to win -- but also to become the first Argentinian in history to receive the trophy,"" he said. ""I dedicate it to my family, they were always present when I needed them and sometimes felt even stronger emotions than me."" Messi is the first Barcelona player to win the award since Brazilian forward Ronaldinho took it in 2005, and the sixth to have won it while at the club. He dominated the Ballon d'Or voting, polling 473 votes compared to second-placed Ronaldo's 233, and 27 more than the Real Madrid and Portugal winger received when he won it in 2008 for his exploits while with Manchester United. The rest of the top-10 was completed by: Brazil playmaker Kaka, Real Madrid's summer signing from AC Milan; Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who joined Barcelona from Inter in the off-season; England forward Wayne Rooney of United; Chelsea's Ivory Coast frontman Didier Drogba; and Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard of England. The award was only open to European players before 1995, and that year AC Milan's Liberian star George Weah became the first from outside the continent to win it. Argentina-born Alfredo Di Stefano was named Europe's top player twice in the 1950s while at Real Madrid, but had acquired Spanish citizenship by that time."
"(CNN)  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson hailed his side's rollercoaster 4-3 victory over neighbors Manchester City at Old Trafford as the ""best derby of all time."" Ferguson and substitute Gary Neville celebrate Owen's late winner. Ferguson made the claim while ruing his side's sloppy defensive play which allowed City to claim three equalizing goals before Michael Owen's clinical winner deep into injury time on Sunday. ""It could have been an embarrassment, 6-0 or 7-0, if we defended our proper way,"" claimed the legendary Scot. ""We could have won by a big score but by making mistakes, which was the essence of the game, we probably were in the best derby game of all time. ""What do you choose? Win the best derby game of all time or win 6-0? I'd probably pick 6-0."" Was this the greatest derby ever? The build-up to the match had been marked by a war of words between Ferguson and City manager Mark Hughes, who has been handed a massive transfer budget by his side's Abu Dhabi owners. Ferguson had branded them ""cocky"" and did little to dampen down the rivalry with his post match comments. Blog:Should referees also keep time? ""Sometimes you have a noisy neighbor. You cannot do anything about that. They will always be noisy,"" he said. ""You just have to get on with your life, put your television on and turn it up a bit louder. ""Today the players showed their form. That is the best answer of all."" By contrast, City manager Mark Hughes was furious with referee Martin Atkinson for the amount of added time played, with Owen scoring in the 96th minute. ""We need an explanation because I don't know why the referee has added that amount of time on,"" said Hughes. ""We just feel a little bit aggrieved that they were given that time."" It was a heartbreaking finale for his team with Bellamy's magnificent second goal after a mistake by Rio Ferdinand appearing to give his up and coming side a share of the spoils. ""We're disappointed, we put in a hell of a shift today,"" said Hughes. ""Craig Bellamy scored two magnificent goals. He didn't deserve to be on the losing side,"" added Hughes. Ferguson, who has used free transfer signing Owen sparingly this season, said the England striker showed his true quality. ""His positional play, first touch and finish were absolutely superb. World class."" The victory took United to second place in the English Premier League behind pacesetting Chelsea with City suffering their first defeat of the season."
"(CNN) -- Big Ben, arguably the world's most famous clock, celebrates on Sunday 150 years of keeping London on time. The British landmark has lived through war, bad weather and disasters. Big Ben's distinctive bongs have been a part of the London scene for 150 years. Big Ben is the 14-ton bell inside the world's largest four-faced chiming clock, although most people use the name to describe the tower that houses it. The clock is perched on a 96-meter (310-foot) elegant tower at the Westminster Bridge end of the Palace of Westminster. The Victorian masterpiece, which provides distinctive chimes known as bongs, was voted Britain's favorite monument in 2008. It has been featured in films such as ""101 Dalmatians"" and ""Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix."" Big Ben has been disrupted a few times over the years for various reasons, including weather and breakages. Its bongs went silent for about two months in August 2007 to allow a crew to repair its mechanism system. During that time, the rest of the clock was running on an electric system. It was fully restarted again October 1. The clock pays tribute to Britain's royal history: It has a Latin inscription of the phrase: ""O Lord, save our Queen Victoria the First."" The ornate masterpiece has some quirky features. The hour hand, which weighs 300 kilograms (661 pounds), is made of gun metal while the minute hands are made of copper sheet. The minute hands would not work when they were first made of cast iron because they were too heavy. The clock started working on May 31, 1859, after the lighter copper hands were installed. The origins of the landmark's name are obscure. Some say it was named after the 1850s heavyweight boxer Ben Caunt while others suggest it was named after Sir Benjamin Hall, a former member of parliament. Hall, the commissioner of works in 1859, was responsible for ordering the bell. Alan Hughes, the director of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry that made the bell, prefers the latter. ""I suppose I like it chiefly because it was a nickname of a man who was big and loud and pompous, and never used one word if 27 would do,"" he said in a 2008 interview. Hughes' company also made America's Liberty Bell and a number of others for cathedrals and churches around the world."
"LONDON, England  -- The British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has been asked to intervene after Iraqi international Nashat Akram was refused a work permit. Nashat Akram was hoping to become the first Iraqi footballer to play in England. Akram starred in Iraq's Asian Cup-winning team last year and was set to play for Premier League Manchester City. But the 24-year-old cannot come to the United Kingdom because a technicality in immigration rules for footballers. To gain a work permit, the player's national side must be in the top 70 of the FIFA world rankings and Iraq has a highest ranking of 71. Akram's supporters say this is because Iraq cannot play matches at home because of the security situation and are calling for the decision to be reversed. Keith Vaz, a member of the ruling Labour party, said: ""I shall be calling on the home secretary to review this decision. ""Here we have someone who wants to come and work legitimately, a role model for his country, whose presence here can heal divisions in Iraq. ""Parliament has given ministers the right to exercise their discretion and they should use it. ""This case sends out all the wrong messages."" City boss Sven-Goran Eriksson told the club's Web site: ""This is a big blow and a great disappointment to us. I have huge sympathy for Nashat. He is a very good footballer with an excellent international pedigree. ""He has now returned to the Middle East and we will keep in touch with him. He is somebody who we will maintain an interest in for the long term."" City have already lost an appeal to the Home Office ruling, but the Iraqi government has now taken up the cause. Government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh told the Associated Press a letter has been sent to the British Ambassador in Iraq. Midfielder Akram, who was born in Hilla, currently plays for Al-Ain in the United Arab Emirates. He came to international prominence with his performances in the Asian Cup and became a symbol of hope at home with posters featuring a smiling Akram plastered on walls around Baghdad with the slogan ""The dream came true because of our determination and zeal."" Earlier this month, Watford midfielder Al Bangura, from Sierra Leone, was granted a work permit after a decision to deport him was overturned following a well-supported campaign by football fans and a local member of parliament, Claire Ward. E-mail to a friend ."
"Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN) -- Facing political pressure, Madhav Kumar Nepal announced Wednesday that he is resigning as Nepal's prime minister. In a 20-minute televised address, Nepal said he wanted to avert crisis and find ""political resolution to the peace process and the drafting of the new constitution."" ""Since it is not right to keep the country in a state of indecision and uncertainty, despite having a clear majority in parliament, I have decided to resign today so that the peace process and the constitution drafting process are completed,"" he said. Nepal has endured a fractious political transition since it was declared a republic in 2008 after the abolition of a centuries-old monarchy. This is the third government that has fallen since then. The opposition Maoists, who form the largest party in parliament, have demanded Nepal's resignation as the troubled Himalayan nation prepares a new constitution. Otherwise, the Maoists had threatened to disrupt the parliamentary session and block approval of the annual budget. The failure to adopt a new constitution by the late May deadline would have automatically dissolved the government. But the Maoists agreed to let the government amend the constitution and extend the deadline by a year. In exchange, the Maoists wanted the prime minister to step down so they could lead the government again. The Maoists fought a decade-long insurgency in an effort to topple Nepal's monarchy, leaving more than 13,000 people dead. They signed a peace deal in 2006. Elections in April 2008 made Nepal a republic and dethroned the king. The Maoists were the largest party in the previous coalition government, but their leader, Pushpa Kamal Dahal -- commonly known as Prachanda -- resigned as prime minister a year ago because the president overturned his decision to fire a senrio military official. The Maoists declined to join the next coalition government under Nepal's leadership, upset that the government was not making moves to integrate about 19,000 former rebels into the Nepalese army. The government has been reluctant to integrate its former enemies. It's unclear who will succeed Nepal as the next prime minister. Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report."
"Washington (CNN) -- President Obama tapped a former Army general Monday to lead the Transportation Security Administration. Obama nominated Robert A. Harding, a retired major general with 33 years in the Army, to become the TSA administrator. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced the nomination with Harding by her side. ""The TSA administrator is among the most important, unfilled posts in the Obama administration,"" Napolitano said. ""The president and I both believe that Gen. Harding has the experience and perspective to make a real difference in carrying out the mission of this agency."" ""If there were ever a nominee that warranted expedited, and detailed, consideration in the Senate, this is it,"" she said. Obama announced the nomination in a White House news release. ""I am confident that Bob's talent and expertise will make him a tremendous asset in our ongoing efforts to bolster security and screening measures at our airports,"" Obama said. ""I can think of no one more qualified than Bob to take on this important job, and I look forward to working with him in the months and years ahead."" The TSA has been under the leadership of an acting administrator since Edmund ""Kip"" Hawley resigned at the end of the Bush administration. In September, Obama nominated Erroll Southers, a Los Angeles airport police department official, to the head the agency. But Republican Sen. Jim DeMint, R-South Carolina, spearheaded GOP efforts to block the nomination based on concerns Southers would unionize airport screeners. Southers withdrew his nomination in January after lawmakers questioned his changing explanation about a personnel action taken against him decades ago. Harding would be the TSA's first African-American administrator. Southers is also black. Harding has served as CEO of Harding Security Associates, a defense and intelligence government contracting firm he founded in 2003 and sold in July 2009. From 1996 to 2000, Harding was director for operations at the Defense Intelligence Agency, where he was the Defense Department's senior human intelligence officer. Before that, he was director for intelligence for the Army's Southern Command. The TSA was created in the months after the September 11, 2001, attacks and soon took over security at the nation's airports, including screening commercial airline passengers and luggage. CNN's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report."
"EL DORADO HILLS, California (CNN) -- The attorney for Nancy Garrido, charged in the Jaycee Lee Dugard abduction case, expressed concern Wednesday that intense media coverage may prejudice his client's ability to get a fair trial. Phillip Garrido and his wife in 1988, shortly after his release from jail for rape. ""There have been some misstatements made in the media, and possibly very innocent misstatements like, you know, 'She's charged with 29 counts, she was there, therefore she must be culpable,' "" Gilbert Maines told CNN's ""American Morning"" on Wednesday. ""That's good speculation, but any good prosecutor will tell you that they can't prosecute and convict on speculation. ""The media can do that, but the prosecutor can't.""  Watch Maines talk about Nancy Garrido's case  . Nancy and Phillip Garrido have been charged in connection with the kidnapping and rape of Dugard, 29, who police say was abducted by the Garridos in 1991 at age 11.  Dugard grew up in a backyard compound of tents and outbuildings, and gave birth to two daughters, now 11 and 15, fathered by Garrido during her captivity, police said. The Garridos were arrested last week and have pleaded not guilty. Philip Garrido is a registered sex offender. Maines said his client has been charged with ""about half"" of the 29 counts against the couple. He said he has discussed ""what she says happened."" He would not elaborate, citing attorney-client privilege. But, he added, he is still ""trying to establish a line of communication"" with his client. ""We are in the process of formulating any defense that we have, or that we may have,"" he said. ""We are still in the process of investigating this entire thing."" Maines said he was not aware of the case before he was appointed by the court to represent Nancy Garrido. ""I'm sure you understand that this is a horrendous thing for her,"" Maines said. ""I mean I realize it's horrendous for Jaycee and her parents and the children, but my concern right now is that my client get a fair trial."" He said that he is still working on getting his client to ""confide in me and talk to me so I can formulate any defense that is available."""
"(CNN) -- With her weight-loss challenge, Shape Up Vicksburg, Linda Fondren is helping her Mississippi hometown banish the bulge. Through the group's free fitness activities and nutrition classes, Vicksburg residents have lost nearly 15,000 pounds to date. Below are Fondren's thoughts on being chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero for 2010. Q: Where were you when you got the call that you'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero? Linda Fondren: I had gathered my assistant together in my office [at my gym] to discuss the details of Shape Up Vicksburg -- Get Healthy Walk. ... When I answered the phone and heard, ""This is CNN,"" I thought, ""Oh! A follow-up of how things are going."" It did not cross my overloaded mind about being a CNN Top 10 Hero. ... But there was something different in the caller's voice. My attention [was focused on] the present moment. I wanted to do so much more and had been looking into grants, donations, anything to keep me going. My eyes watered first as I clutched the phone a little tighter. She explained something about the Blue Ribbon Panel and said ""selected as one of the Top 10."" I had to contain my emotions, as my office has a glass door, so members of the gym can see me. Containing my excitement, I turned my chair away from the glass door and looked at the blue sky. I was overjoyed, my heart sang with moments of ""Thank you, thank you, thank you!"" It was going pitter-pat, pitter-pat, but I know it's OK because I work out! Q: What does it mean for the Blue Ribbon Panel to select you as a Top 10 Hero? Fondren: I feel like a gift has been given and I can really use it to help others who are struggling. ... I feel like someone is paying attention, and I feel extremely honored. The Blue Ribbon Panel consists of heroes picking another hero. I feel like [they] are celebrating and helping another person make a difference in the lives of many. Q: What do you want people to know most about your work? Fondren: Shape Up Vicksburg brought something magical to the community. We learned others' life stories. We planted something new in the state of Mississippi that people wouldn't expect. And, most importantly, we are healthier. I hope that Shape Up Vicksburg can show that we are all heroes when we are responsible. We are heroes when we serve as examples ... and help each other."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- It's no secret that the music industry has not made an ideal transition into the digital era. Is the iPod,  iTunes and independent Web promotion the future of music? Or can record labels fight back? Album sales are falling, P2P file sharing is rife, and a plethora of new artists are using the Internet as a platform for gaining international exposure. With the introduction of MySpace Music, three major record labels -- Sony BMG, Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group -- are hoping to launch a counter-strike to the technological developments and online activities that have rocked their industry. But, how far can the record labels go towards getting back those good old days where they were uncontested as they reaped the lion's share of profits from the music industry? Experts CNN spoke to for a Just Imagine article had contrasting views on what the coming years hold for the industry. Long-time music industry figure Bob Lefsetz was critical of the new venture. ""Radio on demand, in one's home, in front of the computer, which is what MySpace actually is, is not a sexy alternative to owning what you want and taking it to the beach, to the party, to your workout,"" he said, comparing it with Apple's iTunes and iPod. Lefsetz feels the record labels have to face serious decline, unless they can come up with a new business model. Well-known music artists' rights advocate, educator and industry commentator, Moses Avalon, was more positive about MySpace Music's hopes and the future of the record label industry. Music industry lecturer Andrew Dubber, meanwhile, believed the future would be characterized by change, and that there is no set model for the future of the recording industry. Now, we want to know what you think. Give us your views on the future of the music industry. Do you have a business model you think the record labels should adopt to build a strong future? Or, do you think the industry has no future at all? Do you think Web sites like tunecore.com, rawrip.com and sellaband.com hold the power now? Post your comments in the Sound Off box below. We'll publish the best."
"Madrid, Spain (CNN) -- The final autopsy report on a San Diego State exchange student whose body was pulled from a Madrid river last March indicates an accidental drowning death with no signs of external violence, a Spanish court official said on Tuesday. The student, Austin Taylor Bice, 22, was studying a semester of business courses at the University of Carlos III in Madrid when he went missing after a night out with friends. He was last seen outside a nightclub on the banks of Madrid's Manzanares River. Ten days later, on March 8, police pulled his body from the river. ""There was nothing found in the body that would indicate external factors in the death. There were no wounds on the body,"" said the official from Madrid's Superior Justice Tribunal. He spoke on the customary condition of anonymity. He said the autopsy also showed a ""high level"" of alcohol in the blood. A Madrid judge has kept the case, which is confidential by law, open for further investigation. There was no immediate word on when it might be closed definitively, the official said. After his disappearance, Bice's friends quickly organized a campaign to put up posters of him around Madrid, which read ""Missing. Austin Taylor Bice. U.S. citizen, 22, 1.95 meters tall and 100 kilograms"" (6 feet, 5 inches and 220 pounds), and Spanish and U.S. media reported on the search. Bice's father Larry, an accountant, rushed to Madrid from San Diego to search for his son and met several times with Spanish and U.S. authorities. The family hired private investigators, at first to try to find the student, and later, after his body was recovered, to try to determine what happened, the elder Bice told CNN. At the time of the search, a family member told CNN in Madrid that contrary to initial reports, Bice was not refused entry to the nightclub by doormen and was not drunk, although ""he had a few beers."" Instead, he just decided to go home. On March 8, when police recovered the body, an initial visual inspection did not indicate any signs of violence, Madrid officials said at the time. The U.S.-based Institute of International Education said that in 2007, Spain was the third most popular destination worldwide for Americans studying abroad, after the United Kingdom and Italy. It said there were about 17,000 American students in Spain. The University of Carlos III, where Bice was studying, has 18,000 students, of whom 1,500 are from abroad, including about 220 Americans, Carlos Lopez Terradas, the school's head of international relations, told CNN in early March."
"Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- Two Gadhafi loyalists and one National Transitional Council fighter were killed Friday in the Abu Salim neighborhood of Tripoli, an NTC member told reporters. A group of about 10 Gadhafi loyalists had entered the streets of Abu Salim waving green flags and holding a picture of the ousted Libyan leader in a move to draw NTC fighters into the neighborhood, which has remained largely loyal to Gadhafi, council member Abdelrazaq Al Aradi said. When anti-Gadhafi forces responded by entering the streets, the loyalists opened fire, Al Aradi said. Afterward, Omar Khadrawi, the assistant to the interior minister, directed a message through reporters to any remaining loyalists. ""Their names have been discovered and the information about them receiving weapons is in the hands of the security now,"" he said. He added that he was offering them ""a last chance"" to hand in their weapons to authorities. On Friday evening, the mood on the streets of the capital was tense. Heavily manned checkpoints dotted the streets en route to Abu Salim. Fighters and area residents told CNN that a small number of Gadhafi supporters started looting and burning cars after Friday prayers. NTC fighters, some drawn from other neighborhoods, responded quickly. Witnesses and fighters said a number of Gadhafi loyalists were detained. Reports conflicted on whether they were armed. Later in the evening, gunshots could be heard in a number of neighborhoods in the city. Al Aradi told CNN separately that NTC fighters think they have captured the organizer of clashes Friday in the Tajoura neighborhood of eastern Tripoli. On Friday, the U.N. human rights office raised the issue of the number of prisoners in Libya and their treatment. ""It could be up to 7,000,"" said Mona Rishmawi, a senior official with the group in Geneva, Switzerland. ""At this stage, there is no police infrastructure, there is no prison authorities. The prison authorities were under the Justice Ministry and, right now, the Justice Ministry is not fully functional."" ""There is allegations and evidence of torture"" in the prisons, she said, citing lawyers, clients and human rights groups. CNN's Raja Razek and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report."
"Sydney, Australia (CNN) -- A design issue rather than poor maintenance is likely to blame for the mid-flight failure of a Qantas airliner's engine, the CEO of the Australian carrier said Friday. One of the four engines on the Qantas Airbus A380 shut down six minutes after takeoff Thursday from Singapore's Changi Airport, forcing it to return and make an emergency landing. The plane -- with 440 passengers and 26 crew members -- was headed to Sydney, Australia. But while above the western Indonesian island of Batam, part of the engine's covering, or cowling, tore off. ""This issue does not relate to maintenance; this is an engine issue,"" CEO Alan Joyce told reporters Friday. ""And the engines have been maintained by Rolls-Royce since they've been installed on the aircraft."" ""So we believe that this is probably most likely a material failure or some sort of design issue that we're tracking and trying to understand,"" he added. ""We don't believe this is related to maintenance in any way."" On Friday, Airbus announced that it had asked all operators of A380s with Rolls-Royce engines to inspect them as a precaution. Following the Qantas CEO's comments, a Rolls-Royce spokesman referred back to his company's earlier news statement, which said: . ""Since Qantas QF32 suffered an engine failure and returned safely to Singapore Changi Airport, we have been working closely with our customer and the authorities. In situations like these, Rolls-Royce has well established processes to collect and understand information relating to the event and to determine suitable actions."" After the incident, Qantas -- Australia's national airline -- grounded its Airbus A380 fleet. The airline said flights of the twin-deck planes -- the world's largest airliners -- will remain suspended until an investigation is complete. On Friday, Joyce said Qantas hopes to resume A380 flights within 48 hours, after completing engine safety checks. ""We believe over the next 24 to 48 hours, those checks will be complete on all of the A380s, and if we don't find any adverse findings out of the checks, the aircraft will resume operations,"" he said. Qantas has six A380s in its fleet of 191 planes. Airbus will at some point deliver 14 more, the airline said. Passengers on the detoured Qantas flight spent the night in Singapore, then flew to Australia on Friday. ""Passengers left on a special Qantas flight at 10:30 a.m. local back to Sydney,"" said airline representative Ashley Edwards Knapp. CNN's Zain Verjee and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- British TV channels could advertise abortion services for the first time under new advertising rules proposed Thursday by an ad industry group. The new proposals will also allow condoms to be advertised more widely on television. The Broadcast Committee of Advertising Practice, the industry body responsible for writing and enforcing advertising rules in Britain, said the commercials would be for pregnancy advisory services that give information about a range of options to pregnant women, including abortion. If an organization does not offer information about abortion, it would have to make that clear in the ad, BCAP spokeswoman Lynsay Taffe said. Abortion clinics, which require referrals from doctors or hospitals, would not be allowed to advertise under the proposed rules, Taffe said. There would be no restrictions on when such ads could air on British television, she said, but programmers would have to keep the sensitive topic in mind and not schedule the ads around religious programs, for example. ""It's a sensitive product, so it would have to be scheduled sensitively,"" Taffe told CNN. The proposal is among a number of updates to current advertising standards that the Committee for Advertising Practice and BCAP, its broadcasting arm, published Thursday after an 18-month review. ""Each year the British public (sees) millions of advertisements, many of which are memorable,"" the committee said. ""The advertising codes aim to make sure that they are memorable for the right reasons."" The public now has until June 19 to comment on the proposals before they come into force, likely in 2010, the committee said. The new proposals also contain a change on advertising condoms on television. Under current rules, condoms generally cannot be advertised on TV before 9 p.m. in order to protect younger viewers, the committee said. New rules would relax the restrictions on advertising condoms, with the only requirement that they not be shown around programs intended for children younger than 10. The change came after Joyce Gould, a member of the House of Lords, requested the change and noted that Britain had the highest teenage pregnancy rate in Europe along with spiraling rates of sexually transmitted diseases, the committee said. Gould reported a survey that showed young people believed TV was one of the most effective ways of encouraging them to use condoms. ""The presence of condom advertisements on television continues to be a subject of complaint to the (Advertising Standards Authority), but numbers are very low,"" the committee said. ""Nevertheless, BCAP has to balance public sensitivities against a public health problem that is clearly urgent."""
"(CNN) -- Eight-time gold medal winner at the Beijing Olympics and multiple world-record holder Michael Phelps warmed up for the Swimming World Championships in Rome by setting a new men's world record in the 100 meters butterfly. Michael Phelps attacks the pool in Indianapolis to set a new world mark in the 100m fly. The 24-year-old American shaved 18-hundredths of a second from the previous mark set by compatriot Ian Crocker in 2005, with a time of 50.22 on the third day of competition at the U.S. National Championships in the Indianapolis. ""I was pretty happy with my swim. I really wanted to break 50 seconds, but that is something to shoot for,"" Phelps told the event's official Web site. ""Ian Crocker texted me after prelims. He wished me all the luck. That really meant a lot to me as a competitor and as a friend,"" he added. The new time takes Phelps's personal tally of individual world records to five, to add to the three he can claim from relay events, and means he has qualified for three events at the upcoming World Championships in Rome thus far. Places were booked with wins in the 200m freestyle and 200m butterfly on Wednesday while a further slot could be confirmed via the 100m freestyle. Phelps, who was banned for three months when he was pictured smoking drugs at a party after returning from Beijing, has been eager to regain his Olympic form after his enforced exile from the pool. ""This is something that I really, really wanted to accomplish,"" Phelps told the LA Times. ""Crock and I had a lot of great history, a lot of great races with one another. I've wanted that record ever since he took it in '03 worlds. . . . After the race, you could tell I was pretty fired up and excited."" Elsewhere, twelve-time Olympic medallist Dara Torres qualified for the World Championships team in the 50m freestyle. The American told the LA Times there was still work to do despite the result: ""My coach was telling me I probably lost four or five tenths [of a second] on the start,"" said Torres. ""The adrenaline kind of took over so I didn't really feel (my knee injury). It's a great feeling to be able to be out there and still race [at age 42], but that time won't medal at the world championships,"" Torres added. The men's 50m freestyle saw four Olympians battled for the gold, with Nathan Adrian beating his 2008 Olympic teammates Cullen Jones and Garrett Weber-Gale by 0.3 seconds."
"Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- One of two American service members who were abducted in Afghanistan on Friday has been killed, provincial government officials said Sunday. Den Mohammad Darwish, the spokesman for the governor of Logar province, said he learned from locals that the American was killed. He said the body was found in the Patanak Mountains of Charkh district. He also said the vehicle the men were driving was located Sunday. A Taliban spokesman confirmed that the killed American died in a firefight and the other is being held by the group. Another official, Samar Gul Rashid -- who is the governor of the Charkh district in Logar province -- also confirmed the killing, saying he learned about it through Afghan intelligence officials. In releasing a statement Sunday, the Navy confirmed that the two missing service members are sailors. ""The thoughts and prayers of our entire Navy go out to the missing sailors serving in Afghanistan and their families,"" said Adm. Gary Roughead, chief of U.S. naval operations, in the statement. ""We have been closely following the situation from the outset. These sailors represent two of several thousand sailors serving on the ground in Afghanistan in support of U.S. Forces-Afghanistan and the International Security Assistance Force Afghanistan. ""Forces on the ground in Afghanistan are doing everything they can to locate and safely return our missing shipmates,"" Roughead said. Rashid said the second sailor, who was also abducted, is wounded and still missing. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the two Americans were driving in a civilian vehicle in the village of Dasht, in Charkh district. The Taliban wanted to take both men alive, but the firefight broke out, killing one of the Americans, Mujahid said. The other is alive and being held in a safe location, he said . There were no immediate demands from the Taliban for the return of the Americans because the group was still deliberating what its demands would be, Mujahid said. A U.S. military official confirmed that a $20,000 reward was being offered for information leading to the return of the two sailors. Posters were being distributed in the region. Adm. Mike Mullen told reporters earlier Sunday that he could not give out any information. But he did call it an ""unusual circumstance"" to have two individuals leave the base and drive over an hour away in a non-military vehicle. The two went missing after leaving their compound in the Afghan capital of Kabul, NATO said. An Afghan intelligence source told CNN that the two were abducted in Logar province, south of Kabul. The development comes as five U.S. soldiers were killed in bombings in southern Afghanistan on Saturday. CNN's Atia Abawi and Barbara Starr contributed to this report."
(CNN) -- They've been in the banking business for more than 200 years, Pictet and Company came to prominence when Europe was booming, specializing in personalized, discrete banking services. Senior managing partner of Swiss bank Pictet & Cie, Ivan Pictet talks to CNN's Andrew Stevens. Since 1980, the company has grown five-fold to be one of the biggest banks in Switzerland. But growth hasn't changed tradition says Ivan Pictet. CNN's Andrew Stevens met with Ivan in China to talk about leading the banking dynasty into today's tumultuous financial water and what really defines Swiss banking. Pictet: I think Swiss banking has changed, it still has a very strong position in the world's banking, but it has changed. Banking secrecy has evolved toward the new legislation on money laundering and so on, so confidentiality is not defined the same way today as it would have been, or not protected today as it would have been 25 years ago. So I think everything is changing but we restrict to some very strong principles, and I think that's very important. Stevens: We've been talking about the fit with the Swiss with private banking -- the Swiss character, the Swiss style -- last year though, you, for the first time, brought in non-Swiss to be investors, managing directors who can invest in the bank, and I'm wondering, does that in some way dilute your brand as a Swiss bank, now you're bringing non-Swiss in? Pictet: Pictet has had a profit participation system since 1991. We were probably the pioneer in Europe and probably the world at that time, so we have distributed large part of our profit to our employees at all time. Today, out of the 3,000 or 2,700 people we have, about 1,400 have a direct participation -- can go from 10 percent to 200 or 300 percent of their salary, so in order for us to keep our best talents, and to stimulate those who would like to join the league, we have created this special group which has a participation, direct participation, in the capital of the bank. Stevens: One of the principles you stick to is that you and your seven partners bear personal responsibility for the losses of the bank, your personal wealth is at stake everyday of the year, how does that impact the way you manage the bank? Pictet: Well it certainly does make us more conservative, in terms of really remaining focused on one business, which is asset management. I mean we never diversify into investment banking or do any commercial activity in terms of banking and so on. We've kept our business very focused and that has helped us also be quite successful. E-mail to a friend .
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- Pfizer is near a deal to buy rival drugmaker Wyeth for $68 billion, according to news reports late Sunday citing people familiar with the deal. Pfizer's world headquarters is in New York. A deal was imminent and likely to be announced Monday, The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times reported. ""It is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation,"" said Michael Lampe, a Wyeth representative. Pfizer was not immediately available for comment. Pfizer, the world's leading drugmaker in terms of sales, has been in talks to buy Wyeth. Pfizer's stock slipped 1 percent on the news Friday, while Wyeth gained about 8 percent. On January 13 Pfizer said it was cutting up to 8 percent of its R&D staff, about 800 jobs. Spokesman Raymond Kerins said that was to ""raise productivity."" But analysts say Pfizer is clearly trying to beef up its drug pipeline through an acquisition, adding that the company seems to have given up on its own R&D staff coming up with a blockbuster to replace Lipitor. This cholesterol-cutting drug peaked in 2006 with nearly $13 billion in annual sales but will lose its patent protection in 2011, when generic versions will become available. Les Funtleyder, pharma analyst for Miller Tabak, said Pfizer is ""not feeling that they're getting the efficiency out of their R&D unit."" He said Pfizer would probably rather do a deal with Wyeth over other competitors, because there is less overlap in the companies' pipelines. Funtleyder said Pfizer already has a diabetes franchise, which would overlap with Eli Lilly & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb, both of which also focus on diabetes treatments. Pfizer probably has its eyes on Wyeth's Alzheimer's drug pipeline, he said. But he cautions that a merger won't be a success unless Wyeth's pipeline is successful, which remains to be seen, he said. ""If Wyeth comes out with an Alzheimer's drug that works, then the deal works,"" he said. Pfizer is probably also focused on Wyeth's blockbuster children's vaccine Prevnar, as well as its experimental biotech drugs, said Michael Krensavage of Krensavage Asset Management. Sales of Prevnar, which combats meningitis and blood infections, jumped 12 percent in the first nine months of 2008 compared with the same period the prior year, to $2.1 billion. If a deal does go through, Funtleyder warns, Wyeth staffers should brace for layoffs. ""I can say with pretty good confidence that this is going to lead to some head count reduction,"" he said."
"ORLANDO, Florida (CNN) -- The mother of missing Florida toddler Caylee Anthony was arrested and charged Friday with forgery, fraudulent use of personal information and petty theft, the Orange County Sheriff's Department said. Casey Anthony was taken into custody Friday night at her parents' home in Orlando, Florida. The charges relate to Casey Anthony's use of ""some monies and checks in an account that did not belong to her and she knew that,"" Orange County Capt. Angelo Nieves said. Orange County Sheriff's Department officers ushered a handcuffed Anthony through a crowd of protesters that had gathered outside her parents' Orlando home. The protesters cheered as Anthony -- wearing a T-shirt with Caylee's picture and the words ""Have you seen me?"" -- was taken to a unmarked police car. The dramatic scene played out live on CNN Headline News' ""Nancy Grace.""  Watch Casey Anthony being taken into custody  . Anthony had been out on bail after being charged with child neglect, making false official statements and obstructing a criminal investigation into her daughter's disappearance. On Thursday, a bounty hunter who had posted bond for Anthony said he planned to revoke the bond.  Watch bounty hunter Leonard Padilla explain why he wants to revoke bond  . The new charges carry an initial $3,000 bail, Nieves said. Anthony reported her 3-year-old daughter missing in July, a month after the last known sighting of her. Law enforcement sources said DNA evidence suggested that a strand of hair in the trunk of a car linked to Casey Anthony was Caylee's. Nieves confirmed reports that tests had ""indicated human decomposition was present and located in the defendant's vehicle."" After holding onto ""high hopes"" that Caylee could be found alive, Nieves said Friday, ""that hope is somewhat diminished."" Anthony told police that a babysitter kidnapped Caylee, but police found inconsistencies in her story, according to police reports. Police learned of the car from Anthony's mother, Cindy Anthony. At that time, Cindy Anthony told authorities that it smelled as if a dead body had been in the trunk. Cindy Anthony has since said she believes that her granddaughter is alive."
"JERUSALEM (CNN) -- Israeli troops have completed their withdrawal from Gaza after a three-week military campaign against Hamas militants, the Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday. Palestinians look at an damaged rocket launcher left behind by Israeli forces. ""The forces are now redeployed outside the Gaza Strip, and are prepared for any development,"" a military statement read. During their withdrawal, Israeli troops warned Gaza residents to avoid unexploded bombs or shells left behind and report their location to Israeli authorities. Israel said it had achieved its goal to halt Hamas' firing of rockets into southern Israel from Gaza. Hamas, the Palestinian militant group that has controlled the territory since 2007, also declared victory in the conflict during a rally in Gaza City on Tuesday. Israeli troops began to withdraw Sunday following tentative, separate cease-fire declarations by Israel Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Hamas. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who visited the territory Tuesday, criticized both sides and the international community for what he called their ""collective political failure"" in settling the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict. ""I have condemned from the outbreak of this conflict the excessive use of force by Israeli forces in Gaza. I view the rocket attacks into Israel as completely unacceptable. We need to restore basic respect for civilians,"" he said.  Watch troops prepare to withdraw  . The conflict, which began December 27, has left more than 1,300 Palestinians and 13 Israelis dead. Confirmation of the Israeli withdrawal came within a day of the inauguration of Barack Obama as the new president of the United States, replacing George W. Bush, whose administration was among the most supportive of Israel in decades. Ban said he hoped Obama would consider settling the conflict ""a matter of priority."" Speaking during a visit to Sderot, the southern Israeli city that has endured rocket fire from Hamas for years, Ban said the Bush administration was ""leading and heavily engaged"" in the region, but added, ""Unfortunately, we have not achieved the goals."" Obama has vowed to move swiftly and has said he was assembling a strong team to be ""immediately engaged"" on ""day one."" In a statement welcoming the new U.S. president, Olmert said Israel and the United States would remain ""full partners in advancing peace and stability in the Middle East."" CNN's Shira Medding contributed to this report."
"JAKARTA, Indonesia (CNN) -- A U.S. mining company has denied a report by Indonesia's state media that a convoy of its buses came under fire in the province of Papua Wednesday. Indonesian soldiers provide security near a PT Freeport-owned gold mine in Timika, Papua province, on July 18. The state-run Antara News Agency had said that two people were reportedly killed when a 12-bus convoy carrying employees of PT Freeport was attacked by unidentified gunmen in the country's eastern-most province. The company clarified that a vehicle was wrecked in the province, killing one person and wounding several others. When police and mechanics drove to the area to assist, shots were fired at them. Three people were hurt in the shooting, the company said. ""No shots were fired at the PT-FI bus convoy as earlier reported,"" the company said. Following the company's comments, Antara's Web site changed its report to reflect the new information. PT Freeport is the largest copper and gold mining company in the province. Attacks directed at the company killed an Australian mine technician and two Indonesians on July 11 and 12. And two directors of the company were wounded Friday in a twin attack at the Ritz Carlton and JW Marriott hotels in the capital Jakarta. Papua residents have long resented the presence of PT Freeport in the province. They have criticized the environmental impact of the mining operations and the small share of revenues the province receives. In 2008, a separatist group claimed responsibility for a series of bomb attacks in the area. No one died in the attacks, Antara said. In 2002, two American teachers and an Indonesian colleague who worked at the mine were shot dead in an attack, the news agency said. Meanwhile, authorities on Wednesday released sketches of two men believed to have carried out the bombings at the luxury hotels in Jakarta. One was about 40; the other 17, officials said. Analysis of their DNA matched those obtained from a homemade explosive found in a room at the Marriott where they had checked in, police said. But authorities still do not know their identities. CNN's Andy Saputra contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Indian pair Achanta Sharath Kamal and Subhajit Saha added another Commonwealth Games gold to the host nation's collection on Wednesday, beating Singapore in the men's doubles table tennis final. The duo got off to a sluggish start at the Yamuna Sports Complex, losing the first game to Gao Ning and Yang Zi. In front a passionate crowd, the home pair managed to battle back, eventually coming out on top 3-2 in the best of five contest. ""This is the first time we have won the gold in men's doubles, so it's certainly historic,"" Sharath told the official Commonwealth Games website. ""Personally, this has given me more satisfaction than my singles performance at Delhi 2010."" ""We decided to adopt an aggressive strategy and Sharath came back really strong after his semifinal defeat in singles. We could not have expected anything better than this,"" Saha added. In the pool, English diver Tom Daley won his second gold medal in two days, adding the 10 meter platform title to the synchronized diving crown he had already claimed in Delhi. Daley had to battle with Australia's Matthew Mitcham throughout the competition, but the 16-year-old held his nerve to record perfect tens across the board in his third dive and beat the Olympic champion by 27.20 points. Elsewhere at the games, Australia won a thrilling women's hockey final, clinching the gold medal after a penalty shoot-out victory against New Zealand. Australia led twice in the match, with New Zealand fighting back on each occasion before Jessica Arrold converted the winning penalty for the Hockeyroos. In the boxing ring, Manju Wanniarachchi won Sri Lanka's first gold in the sport for 72 years by defeating Sean McGoldrick, of Wales, in the Bantamweight class. It was also a landmark day for Northern Ireland, who claimed their first boxing medals for 16 years as three of their men won title fights. The triumphant trio of Paddy Barnes, Paddy Gallagher and Eamonn O'Kane ensured their country finished the games top of the boxing medals table. On the cycling track, Scotland's David Millar and Canada's Tara Alice Whitten took the men's and women's gold medals respectively for the individual time trial. In shooting, the men's skeet singles title was won by England's Richard Brickell after he beat defending champion Georgios Achilleos from Cyprus in a shoot-off."
"(CNN) -- China's figure skating pair of Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo capped an emotional comeback to the Winter Olympics on Monday by capturing the pairs figure skating gold. By winning the event, Shen and Zhao captured their country's first gold medal in figure skating and fulfilled a quest that had previously eluded them. The husband-and-wife team had retired from Olympic competition, but was coaxed back by the hope of claiming gold. China made it a 1-2 finish in pairs skating after Pan Qing and Tong Jian claimed silver, according to the Vancouver Olympics Web site. Germany's Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy claimed third place and the bronze medal in the event. Elsewhere at the Olympics, South Korea's Mo Tae-Bum captured the gold medal in the men's 500-meter speed skating event. Japan's Keiichiro Nagashima and Joji Kato captured silver and bronze, respectively. In figure skating, China's Shen and Zhao had retired in 2007 after capturing three world championships and two Olympic bronze medalists, making them the most decorated figure skaters in their country's history. Shen and Zhao were also newlyweds after Zhao proposed to Shen on the ice following a stunning 2007 World Championship performance in Tokyo. Headlining the popular Stars on Ice tour in the United States, retirement seemed like a natural step for Zhao and Shen. But after just two years away, they declared they would return for the Vancouver Olympics, presumably to capture the gold medal that eluded them. CNN memories: What was it like to train with Olympic champs? Zhao and Shen kicked off their comeback fittingly by winning the Cup of China last season. They won all three of their events and set a new world record at the Grand Prix Final. The pair, formerly ranked number one in the world, opened the Vancouver Olympic figure skating competitions by performing first of the 20 competing pairs. Their draw was considered bad luck, especially because Shen and Zhao currently rank 29th in the world after being away from competition. Zhao and Shen delivered a near flawless performance in the short program on Sunday, what many skating analysts called their strongest program ever. ""We wanted the program to show all that we have, and we made it,"" Zhao told the Xinhua news agency in Vancouver following the short program on Sunday. ""It's the best gift for the Valentine's Day,"" Shen added. CNN's Jo Ling Kent contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Day-long clashes between police and rioters marked a controversial holiday march in Northern Ireland, leaving dozens of officers injured and widespread damage in Belfast. The violence began overnight, on the eve of July 12, known as ""The Twelfth"" by Protestants who march to celebrate the victory of English king William III over his ousted Catholic predecessor James II in 1689. More than 100 riot police removed Catholic protesters from a road in north Belfast to allow the march to take place, journalist Peter Taggart told CNN Monday. Rioters pelted police with Molotov cocktails and other explosives, and officers fired baton rounds and used water cannon in attempts to break up the crowds, police said. A policewoman was struck in the head by an object thrown at her, and ambulance crews who rushed to the scene were confronted by rioters, police said. Her condition was unknown. Several vehicles were carjacked and set afire, police said. Police have not yet released details of the number of arrests made, or the number of people injured. However, authorities earlier in the day reported that at least 27 police officers were injured in the clashes. The injuries are not thought to be serious, police spokesman John Anderson had said. The violence took place in two different parts of the city on the eve of a holiday often marked by tension between Catholics and Protestants. Tensions in Northern Ireland as marching season begins . The disruption began minutes before the start of the holiday -- also known as ""Orangeman's Day."" Because of the sectarian nature of the holiday, celebrations have sometimes been marred by violence in the past. ""This is utterly wrong and I condemn it in the strongest possible terms,"" police district Chief Superintendent Mark Hamilton said in a statement early Monday. ""Those involved in tonight's violence were intent on causing mayhem and destruction."" Hamilton said police were investigating the incident. ""We have appealed for calm in the run up to the Twelfth of July and we continue to do so,"" he said. ""We would appeal to anyone with influence in the community to exert it to ensure that the next few days pass off without incident."" On Saturday, police in Northern Ireland said a roadside bomb that exploded in a border caused significant damage to both a road and a nearby bridge. District Cmdr. Chief Alasdair Robinson said he believed that police officers were the target, and that the bomb was placed in the area in an attempt to injure or kill them."
"(CNN) -- He's the rock demigod who lives and breathes music, but whose heart beats thanks in part to a pacemaker. The former Guns N' Roses guitarist, whose real name is Saul Hudson, is probably the most recognizable man in rock 'n' roll. Yet beneath the mane of curly locks and leather top hat is a devoted musician who kicked a drug and alcohol addiction because it was getting in way of the music. ""I was a productive junkie ... I was driven by music. I did have these distractions, but I managed to be functional as best as I possibly could,"" he told CNN. ""What helped clean me up at the end of the day was the fact that, after a while, it started to get in the way of being able to do what it is I wanted to do... I've done more in the last four years than I could have possibly done if I was still using,"" he continued. Since leaving Guns N' Roses in 1996 -- ""As I walked out it was a huge weight off my shoulders"" -- he's produced his own material, collaborated with numerous musicians and was the driving force behind supergroup Velvet Revolver, a band he's trying to revive once again. He fixed his place in the pantheon of rock stars during his time with Guns N' Roses (""If I wasn't in that band, it would have been my favorite band"") and it's been almost 15 years since he spoke to lead singer Axl Rose after their much-publicized split. However, the idea of a Guns N' Roses reunion isn't completely out of the question. ""I used to be very sort of negative about it 'cause I just don't see it happening,"" he said, ""but at the same time you just never know. No efforts have been made to try and do anything about it so I guess you just leave it to chance. Maybe it will; maybe it won't."" While a potential reunion might please thousands of fans, Slash is looking forward to Velvet Revolver and other projects, despite the music scene experiencing what he calls ""a very weird time."" ""This whole thing with the internet being the mainstay of the industry at this point is taking a lot of adjusting and it hasn't really settled yet,"" he told CNN. ""[A] certain energy and a certain attitude and that to me is very rock and roll. And that seems to be lacking in commercial music, especially in commercial rock and roll right now. I'm sure there's a lot of guys out there who have it all together but then they can't get a record deal."""
"(CNN)  -- Hundreds of U.S. and Afghan soldiers have embarked on a major operation against militants in the eastern Afghan region of Tora Bora, near the border with Pakistan, officials have told CNN. File photo of the remote mountain Tora Bora region on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan. Air and ground strikes under way in the remote mountain region are aimed at large numbers of militant fighters. The troops are targeting ""hundreds of hardened al Qaeda and Taliban in dug-in positions,"" said officials familiar with the intelligence. The operation started two days ago in the region, where al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was once thought to be hiding. The Bush administration has been criticized for not sending enough ground forces to Tora Bora in December 2001 to capture the militant after the invasion that toppled the Taliban. ""U.S. and Afghan forces engaged al Qaeda and other violent extremist fighters in eastern Afghanistan during a combined arms assault using precision munitions. There have been no substantiated reports of civilian casualties in this engagement,"" said Capt. Vanessa R. Bowman, a U.S. Army spokeswoman. ""The targets were carefully chosen to pinpoint enemy positions and eliminate the likelihood of harming innocent civilians,"" she said. ""This region has provided an ideal environment to conceal enemy support bases and training sites, as well as plan and launch attacks aimed at terrorizing innocent civilians, both inside and outside the region."" Also Wednesday, a manager at a private British security firm in Afghanistan was shot and killed in the capital Kabul, a spokesman for the company said. ""We did lose a manager today in Kabul to unknown assailants,"" Christopher Beese, spokesman for ArmorGroup International, said Wednesday. He said next of kin have been notified and an inquiry into the incident has begun. The name of the man, a British national, was not released. ""It's bad news. He was a very well-respected man,"" Beese said, noting that the victim had experience in Afghanistan going back to the early 1980s. Beese -- who said the man's role was to run the administration of the 1,200-person-strong security presence in the country -- described the man as a ""logistics manager"" and ""all things to all people."" The firm, which has been operating in Afghanistan since 2002, mostly provides diplomatic protection and has contracts with the British and American governments. The man recruited and trained Afghan guards and was the most senior administrator at the company's Kabul base, Camp Anjuman, the company said. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report."
"Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- A Kuwaiti company that has been paid more than $8.5 billion to supply food and other items to the U.S. military in the Middle East has been indicted on multiple federal fraud charges, authorities announced Monday. Public Warehousing Company KSC is charged with conspiracy to defraud the United States, committing major fraud against the United States, making false statements, submitting false claims and wire fraud, a six-count indictment states. The company obtained contracts in May 2003, February 2005 and July 2005 to feed U.S. troops in Iraq, Kuwait and Jordan, said the U.S. attorney's office for the Northern District of Georgia, where the charges were filed. ""This indictment is the result of a multiyear probe into abuses in vendor contracts in the Middle East involving the illegal inflation of prices in contracts to feed our troops,"" said F. Gentry Shelnutt, who is serving as acting U.S. attorney on the case. ""The indictment alleges PWC submitted false information and manipulated prices to overcharge for food."" Public Warehousing Company, also known as Agility, did not return a telephone message Monday. The charges came after federal officials joined a 2005 whistle-blower suit by Kamal Mustafa al-Sultan, the owner of a Kuwaiti company that had partnered with Public Warehousing to submit a proposal on the food supply contracts, the Justice Department said. The case remained under seal to let federal officials investigate the allegations and determine whether the U.S. government would join the lawsuit. The whistle-blower's civil complaint was filed in Atlanta. According to the indictment, the company violated the False Claims Act by presenting false claims for payment, overcharging for locally available fresh fruits and vegetables, and failing to pass along to the U.S. government rebates and discounts it had obtained, as required by its contracts. The indictment does not say how much the United States was allegedly defrauded, because the investigation is under way, officials said. The investigation is being conducted by a team from the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, the FBI, the Army Criminal Investigation Command, auditors from the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Department. ""The defendants, tempted by monetary gain, betrayed the trust invested in them by the U.S. Army and now they must face the consequences,"" said Brig. Gen. Rodney Johnson, commander of Army Criminal Investigation Command."
"(CNN) -- Manny Pacquiao became the fifth boxer to win major world titles in five different weight divisions after demolishing WBO welterweight champion Miguel Cotto in Las Vegas on Saturday night. The Filipino, dubbed ""Pac Man"", stopped the Puerto Rican in the 12th and final round to boost his claims to be known as the world's best pound-for-pound fighter with a victory in his seventh weight category -- his Ring Magazine and IBO crowns are not universally recognized. Cotto weighed in at 145 pounds in front a 5,000 strong crowd at the MGM Grand Arena, with Pacquiao tipping the scales at 144 pounds. The fight began well for Cotto as he delivered several powerful jabs, despite Pacquiao's speed. But Cotto found himself on the canvas in the second round after Pacquiao struck him with a flash knockdown . Pacquaio followed this in the fourth round with a right-hook left-hook combo, and continued to punish his opponent, who suffered swelling above both eyes. Cotto lasted until the final round, when referee Kenny Bayless stopped the fight following another onslaught from Pacquiao. ""I heard that he was bigger than me and stronger than me and that's why I tried to be more aggressive and fight toe to toe and try to (negate) his power,"" Pacquiao said. ""Our strategy for the fight was not to hurry, take our time, because we knew his strategy was that he was going to counter. We were very careful in the early rounds then I controlled the fight and tried to put him under pressure. ""We tried our best to knock him out because that's what my trainer said. I thought they were going to stop the fight in the 11th round and I was surprised he made it to the 12th round."" It was Pacquiao's first fight since a stunning knockout of Britain's Ricky Hatton sixth months ago at the same venue, having convincingly defeated the legendary Oscar De La Hoya in his previous outing. Pacquiao, who has won 49 fights, lost three and drawn two, is being lined up for a money-spinning fight with American Floyd Mayweather Jr, who has also won five major titles in five weight divisions. Pacquiao was rated as favorite by Las Vegas oddsmakers, but Cotto -- who has held a world title every year since 2004 -- had just one defeat in 35 fights with 27 knockouts going into the bout."
"(CNN) -- After being photographed using an inhaler prior to extra-time in his MLS Cup Final, the news that David Beckham has been an asthma sufferer since childhood has propelled the condition into the limelight. The England midfielder is not the first high-profile athlete to have dealt with asthma, a respiratory condition that affects people's airways -- the small tubes that carry air in and out of the lungs. Despite the difficulties of performing with asthmatic symptoms such as wheezing, shortness of breath and coughing, many athletes have dealt still managed to reach the peak of their respective disciplines. Read up on asthma in our health section A-Z. NBA star Dennis Rodman, footballer Frank Lampard and Olympic swimmers Nancy Hogsehead and Mark Spitz have all suffered from the condition, here are five more of sport's most high-profile asthmatics. 1. Paul Scholes . Beckham's ex-Manchester United teammate Paul Scholes was diagnosed with asthma when he was 21-years-old. One of England's most well respected midfielders, despite keeping a low-profile in general Scholes has always been happy to raise awareness about asthma. In May 2009 he along with fellow English midfielder and asthma sufferer Frank Lampard took part in Asthma UK's campaign to ""put asthma in the limelight."" 2. Justine Henin . Prior to announcing her (temporary) retirement in May 2008, Belgian tennis player Justine Henin had suggested she may have had to pull out of defending her gold medal at the Beijing Olympics because of worries the city's pollution would trigger her asthma. The grand slam winner had already withdrew from the China Open in September 2007 because of her condition. 3. Jerome Bettis . NFL running back Jerome Bettis was diagnosed with asthma during a high-school football session and in 1997 suffered an attack triggered by the extreme heat in Florida. It did not stop the man nicknamed 'The Bus' and he went on to win the Superbowl with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Bettis has been heavily involved with raising asthma awareness in America. 4. Paula Radcliffe . English long-distance runner Paula Radcliffe was diagnosed with exercise-induced asthma as a result of her training when she was a teenager. Despite this she has become one of the most successful marathon runners of recent years, winning both the New York and London marathons among other events. 5. Jackie Joyner-Kersee . American track and field legend Jackie Joyner-Kersee discovered she was asthmatic in 1983 after finding she couldn't catch her breath after periods of exercise. Failing to take her medication properly she suffered a life threatening asthma attack at one point. Eventually getting it under control, Joyner-Kersee went onto win three Olympic gold medals at the 1988 and 1992 games in heptathlon and long jump."
"(CNN) -- A Sudanese rebel commander, accused of being involved in the 2007 deaths of a dozen peacekeepers in Darfur, voluntarily arrived in the Netherlands Sunday for an International Criminal Court hearing at the Hague this week, officials said. Sudanese rebel commander Bahar Idriss Abu Garda was summoned to appear before the ICC. Bahr Idriss Abu Garda, of the Zaghawa tribe of Sudan, is charged with three war crimes allegedly committed on September 29, 2007, when 1000 rebel-led soldiers surrounded and stormed an African Union peacekeeping base in Haskanita, in North Darfur, the international court said. Twelve peacekeepers were killed and eight were wounded in the overnight attack, the deadliest single attack on AU peacekeepers since they began their mission in late 2004. Abu Garda, who faces charges of murder, directing attacks on peacekeepers and pillaging, was summoned to appear at the pretrial hearing at 3 p.m. Monday. The court confirmed Abu Garda voluntarily arrived at the Hague Sunday afternoon on a commercial plane, and that no arrest warrant was necessary. The court has put a gag order on Abu Garda to prevent him from speaking publicly about his case. Three other suspects, including Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, were also summoned, but remain at large. ""The voluntary appearance of Abu Garda might serve to encourage other suspects currently at large to come before the Court to be heard with all guarantees of a fair trial,"" said Silvana Arbia, registrar of the international court. The attack on the AU peacekeepers came months before the 7,000-strong force was replaced by a U.N. peacekeeping force of 26,000 troops. The U.N. force, known as UNAMID, is a joint operation between the United Nations and the African Union. It took over formally at the end of 2007. The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions. Sudan's government responded with a fierce military campaign that led to some 200,000 deaths and forced 2 million people to flee their homes, according to the United Nations."
"(CNN) -- World champion Sebastian Vettel began his 2011 Formula One defense in emphatic style on Sunday, leading the season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne from start to finish. McLaren's 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton did well to finish second after damaging his car on the first corner while Lotus Renault's Russian driver Vitaly Petrov achieved his first podium finish by claiming an impressive third place. Fernando Alonso finished fourth for Ferrari, with Mark Webber in his Red Bull in fifth place. Jenson Button came sixth in his McLaren. Formula One teams, drivers and circuits . Sauber pair Sergio Perez and Kamui Kobayashi finished a creditable seventh and eighth respectively, but they were later disqualified by race stewards for technical infringements to do with their rear wings. This meant Ferrari's Felipe Massa moved up to seventh place with the Toro Rosso of Sebastien Buemi taking eighth place. The 23-year-old Vettel, who was claiming his 11th victory in just his 63rd grand prix, told the official Formula One website: ""I'm very pleased, it was a very good weekend and I had a very nice car to sit in this afternoon. ""It was a good race and towards the end things calmed down a bit as Lewis didn't push as hard."" The German continued: ""The start was crucial and being on the clean side I had a very good getaway. We learned a lot of things today and it feels good coming here after a long winter and setting the pace."" Hamilton was satisfied with his runner-up spot, saying: ""We can take this and be very proud of ourselves. A week or two ago we weren't expecting to be in the top five, so to come to second is a great achievement."" Meanwhile, a stunned Petrov told the after-race press conference:  ""To be honest I can't believe I'm sitting with these guys. We didn't know where we were coming into the season, but in practice and qualifying we were good. ""In the race the team did everything perfectly. We can be very proud of what we have achieved today."" However, it proved a disastrous day for the Mercedes pair of Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg, who had both retired by the 22nd lap of the race."
"(CNN) -- Thousands of people across the globe took to the streets on Saturday in annual demonstrations for May Day, the annual event marked by demonstrations demanding better working conditions. Known as International Workers' Day, the holiday draws thousands to peacefully protest. Others, as in Athens, Greece, clashed with police amid growing anger over the government's stiff plans to grapple with the country's debt. About 12,000 people in Athens were on the streets, waving red flags and at times surging toward a line of police, who wore helmets and carried riot shields. Those disturbances led to injuries and arrests. A satellite truck was torched and two ATMs, the glass frontage of a bank and a car were damaged. In Russia, more than 2.5 million people participated in traditional May Day celebrations in 900 cities and towns, the country's trade union federation said. The largest gatherings took place in Krasnodar, Yakutsk, Vladivostok, Izhevsk, Moscow and St. Petersburg. The people spoke out in favor of decent salaries and stable employment. Watch May Day demonstration in Paris, France. According to CNN sources and state-run news reports, there were many demonstrations. Turkey: . For this first time in 30 years, tens of thousands of union members and leftist political activists gathered for the first legally sanctioned May Day celebration in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. Germany: . Several protesters were detained after clashes with police in Hamburg. Seventeen police officers were reportedly injured when confronting demonstrators who they said were throwing rocks and setting garbage cans on fire. Cuba: . A throng marched through Revolution Plaza in Havana. Crowds are usually big in Cuba on International Workers' Day but government officials said the turnout was a signal to Washington that the country is unified and supports its leaders. United States: . Several dozen cities braced for protests against Arizona's controversial new immigration law. Asia: . Thousands gathered in several Asian cities for its annual May Day demonstrations. They demanded improved working conditions and wage increases. Clashes between police and protesters were seen on TV. Iran: . Protests popped up at the Labor Ministry, where demonstrators clashed with police and shouted ""Death to the dictator."" CNN's Diana Magnay, Ivan Watson, Yesim Comert, Azadeh Ansari and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- Going into the eighth season finale of ""American Idol,"" Adam Lambert looks like the favorite against competitor Kris Allen. But should Lambert even be on the show, since he has performed professionally in the national Broadway tour of ""Wicked""? Former 'American Idol' runner-up Diana DeGarmo says it's getting harder for the average person to get on the show. Diana DeGarmo, runner-up in the third season of ""American Idol,"" spoke with HLN's Mike Galanos on Prime News about whether or not an amateur stands a chance on the show. The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity: . Mike Galanos: What were the stipulations as to your past history before you joined ""American Idol""? How much could you do before they'd say, ""You aren't an amateur anymore. You're more of a professional""? Diana DeGarmo: Each contract for each show has gotten a little stronger and a little stronger. Prior to me doing ""American Idol,"" I had done things like theater, but at that point nowhere near on a professional level. The cool thing is they keep it fair by having little things in the contract about how you can't release a record nationally with a record label -- things like that. But people who have been signed prior can, of course, be on the show. Galanos: Do you think the ""rags-to-riches"" story is lost and we are going to get more and more people who have more and more experience? DeGarmo: I think people now realize that ""American Idol"" is such a launching spot for anyone's career. People that maybe would have not done it a few years ago, saying, ""Oh, I'm too professional,"" maybe take a little bit of a second glance at the show because they realize it's such a launching pad. But I do think it's a little harder for the everyday Joe to get in it. Galanos: Do you think Adam has an unfair advantage since he was an understudy for the Broadway tour of ""Wicked""? DeGarmo: Not really, because it's all about performing. So it's just about what you are doing at that exact moment up there on the ""American Idol"" stage. I think Kris and Adam are just two totally different performers, but I think they are pretty even when it comes down to the end of the day."
"(CNN) -- Former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic was Thursday found not guilty of war crimes  and crimes against humanity in Kosovo by a U.N. tribunal. Milan Milutinovic had was cleared of war crimes in Kosovo. Five other former high-ranking Serb officials -- Nikola Sainovic, Dragoljub Ojdanic, Nebojsa Pavkovic, Vladimir Lazarevic and Sreten Lukic -- were found guilty on all or some of the same charges. The judgment was the first by The Hague, Netherlands-based tribunal for crimes by the former Yugoslav and Serbian forces during a military campaign against Kosovo's ethnic Albanians in 1999. Their crimes took place during a Serb-led military campaign against Kosovo's ethnic Albanian population during the first six months of 1999 before a NATO bombing campaign forced a halt to the operation. Sainovic, former Yugoslav deputy prime minister and Pavkovic, a former Yugoslav army general were each sentenced to 22 years in prison for crimes against humanity and war crimes.  Watch Milutinovic receive not guilty verdict  . Lazarevic, another ex-general and Ojdanic, who was chief of general staff, were each sentenced to 15 years on charges of forced deportation of Kosovo's ethnic Albanian population. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia had heard during the two year tribunal how military forces of the former Republic of Yugoslavia and Serbia waged a campaign of terror against Kosovo Albanians. The court said Milutinovic didn't have ""direct individual control"" over the army and that ""in practice"" then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic ""exercised actual command authority"" over the army during the NATO campaign. Milosevic eventually surrendered to Serbian authorities in 2001 and had been extradited to The Hague, where he was on trial between 2002 and 2006 for the alleged offences in Kosovo and for alleged crimes in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. He died from natural causes in March 2006 before the trial ended and before a judgment was made. He was the first sitting head of state to be charged for war crimes when he was indicted in 1999. Kosovo's government declared its independence from Serbia in February 2008 after being administered by the United Nations since 1999. The U.S., Britain and France have recognized Kosovo's independence, but China and Russia joined Serbia in opposing the move."
"(CNN) -- The 16-year-old California girl rescued from her stricken boat in the Indian Ocean says she is ""safe and sound"" and argues that her age shouldn't be blamed for the problems she encountered while at sea. ""Storms are part of the deal when you set out to sail around the world,"" Abby Sunderland wrote in a blog on her website dated Saturday. ""As for age, since when does age create gigantic waves and storms?"" Criticism has emerged that she was too young to embark on such a journey, which apparently has ended. Abby lost satellite contact on Thursday and issued a distress call after what was described as a rogue wave hit the boat, damaging its mast and communications equipment. A French fishing vessel reached a remote area in the Indian Ocean on Saturday morning to fetch her. ""There are plenty of things people can think of to blame for my situation; my age, the time of year and many more,"" Abby said in the blog. She added that ""it was just a Southern Ocean storm."" ""The truth is, I was in a storm and you don't sail through the Indian Ocean without getting in at least one storm."" It will be several weeks before she is home in California, rescuers said. Her parents praised people from France and Australia for their help in reaching their stranded daughter. ""Their professionalism and the great value that they placed on Abby's life has been a gift to us that we can never repay. Thank you for caring for our daughter as if she were your own, for answering all of our many questions cheerfully and completely and for going above and beyond our wildest expectations to keep Abby safe,"" Laurence and Marianne Sunderland said in a post on the girl's website. The parents, who also briefed reporters in Thousand Oaks, California on Saturday said they were overjoyed their daughter was found. As for her boat, Wild Eyes, it had to be left in the middle of the ocean, and Abby said she's ""still trying to get over the fact that I will never see my Wild Eyes again."" Responding to questions from reporters on whether Abby was too young to take such a voyage, her father defended her skill. ""What this is about is a young lady who has a great skill on the ocean and a passion for bluewater sailing. She's a remarkable young lady and has done a remarkable job on 'Wild Eyes; sailing it over half way around the world,"" he said."
By . Olivia Williams . PUBLISHED: . 12:21 EST, 19 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:08 EST, 19 April 2013 . A 73-year-old pensioner is facing jail today for clubbing his neighbour with a hammer in a row over a bonfire. James Sharrod was so enraged over smoke coming into his mobile home from James Killian's garden that he crept up on Mr Killian and attacked him with a lump hammer. Mr Killian, 51, was gardening at his detached 260,000 home in the village of Parkmill on the Gower coastline when Mr Sharrod entered through a gap in the fence, Swansea Crown Court heard. Neighbours at war: James Sharrod, left, bludgeoned James Killian, right, with a hammer in a dispute over Mr Kilian's bonfire in his garden in South Wales . Quiet village: Parkmill in South Wales where the two neighbours came to blows . Smoke from the bonfire had blown into the caravan park, Cannisland Park, through Mr Sharrod's windows. Prosecutor Dean Pulling said that Mr Killian had begun extinguishing the fire when Mr Sharrod entered the garden. Terrified: Angela Killian came to rescue her husband when she heard his screams coming from the garden . Mr Sharrod 'launched' at him, striking his head and body with a hammer he had hidden behind his back. The attack left Mr Kilian 'covered in blood' and he required seven stitches to a two-inch gash to his head. Mr Killan's wife Angela wrestled Sharrod off her husband after hearing his screams for help. She told the jury she thought her husband was being murdered when she saw the attack. Passing cyclist Trystan Jones told the court: 'I looked at the man and he was covered in blood. 'It looked like something out of a film.' 'He said he had been attacked by a neighbour who had hit him over the head with a hammer.' Mr Sharrod claimed he acted in self-defence, but was found guilty. Judge Paul Thomas gave Mr Sharrod bail but warned him, despite his age, he could be facing a long prison term when he is sentenced next month. He told Mr Sharrod: 'I want to know something about your physical and mental health before I pass sentence.'
"(CNN) -- Russia's president visited the disputed Kuril Islands on Monday, over Japanese protest, Russian state media said. The Japanese government, which had urged against the visit, quickly responded after the trip. Prime Minister Naoto Kan told reporters President Dmitry Medvedev's visit was ''extremely regrettable.'' Medvedev visited the island of Kunashiri, the first time a sitting Russian president has set foot on any of the chain of more than 50 islands in the northwest Pacific. He made the stop during an Asian tour that included a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations over the weekend in Vietnam. ""To bring the people's living standards on the islands up to the level of Russia proper, it is necessary to make sure that the services that the citizens receive in this remote region are comparable to those in ... the rest of the country,"" Medvedev said on state television. ""It is necessary to ensure that doctors and other specialists go there."" Medvedev said on state television that after speaking with residents, he believes the islands do not have enough medical specialists, and called for a plan that would include a housing construction program to provide housing to those who choose to move there as an incentive. The Kurils stretch between Russia in the north and Japan in the south. Following Japan's defeat in World War II, the Soviet Union in 1945 annexed the four southernmost islands, which previously belonged to Japan. Ever since, the islands  -- called the South Kurils by Russia and the Northern Territories by Japan -- have been the subject of dispute. That dispute has prevented the two countries from signing a formal peace treaty following World War II. In a speech on Russian state TV, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called Japan's reaction to the visit ""unacceptable."" ""It is our land,"" he said. ""The Russian president visited Russian land, Russian territory, a Russian region. We have explained that to our Japanese partners. The Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement posted on its website that it told Masaharu Kono, the Japanese ambassador in Moscow, that Japan's protests over the visit were impermissible. ""It was indicated to the Japanese side that its attempts to influence the choice of domestic routes by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev were totally unacceptable and incompatible with neighbourly relations between Russia and Japan that have taken place in recent years,"" the statement said. Lavrov had said earlier that the ambassador would be summoned to the ministry ""and we will once again clearly and unequivocally reiterate our position. We will not take any steps that might impede the Russian-Japanese cooperation, but the Japanese side should, of course, draw conclusions."" CNN's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report."
"NEW YORK (CNN)  -- Lillo Brancato Jr., an actor who appeared in ""The Sopranos,"" was acquitted of the 2005 killing an off-duty New York City police officer but found guilty of attempted burglary. Lillo Brancato Jr. appeared on ""The Sopranos"" and played alongside Robert De Niro in ""A Bronx Tale."" Brancato, 32, was also acquitted of two counts of burglary, but could face three to 15 years in prison on the attempted burglary charge. He has already served three years, according to his attorney, Joseph Tacopina. Police officer Daniel Enchautegui, 28, was killed trying to break up a burglary attempt at his neighbor's house in the Bronx in December 2005. During the trial, Brancato said there was not a break-in. Brancato said he knew the owner of the home, and that he and friend Steven Armento, 51, were drinking at a strip club when they decided to go hunt for valium. Brancato told the jury that the owner, a Vietnam veteran, gave him permission to come to his house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted. Brancato admitted to breaking a window at the home, but said it was strictly because he was going through intense heroin withdrawal that night and he said he was trying to wake up his friend to get the drugs. When Brancato and Armento entered the home, the next door neighbor -- Enchautegui -- came outside to investigate. That's when prosecutors said Armento shot the officer through the heart with his .357 Magnum. Armento was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in November. The jury in that trial took less than six hours to convict Armento. Enchautegui was shot in the chest by Armento when he interrupted the alleged robbery, but managed to shoot both suspects multiple times before dying. ""This jury spoke loud and clear, that Lillo had nothing to do with the murder of this police officer,"" Tacopina said. Brancato appeared on six episodes of the hit HBO series ""The Sopranos"" as a wannabe mobster in 2000. As a teen, Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in ""A Bronx Tale."""
"(CNN) -- Kim Clijsters continued her successful return to tennis by demolishing American third seed Venus Williams in the final of the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami on Saturday. The Belgian, a former world No. 1 but seeded 14th for this event following her two-year absence from the women's circuit, will move up to 10th in the rankings next week following her one-sided 6-2 6-1 triumph at Key Biscayne. Williams had been hoping for a fourth title at the event, having won her last two tournaments, but was well below par as Clijsters added to her 2005 victory in Miami in just 58 minutes. The 26-year-old claimed her third title since making her comeback last year after giving birth to baby daughter Jada, who was watching her mum from the stands again on Saturday. The 2009 U.S. Open champion notched up her 37th triumph in WTA Tour events, 28 of those now on hardcourt surfaces. She passed $17 million in career earnings after taking home the $700,000 first prize -- which is almost $100,000 more than the winner of Sunday's men's final between Andy Roddick and Tomas Berdych will receive. Clijsters, who defeated fellow comeback queen Justine Henin in an epic semifinal on Friday, broke Williams to love to seal the title. ""It took a lot of hard work to get back into shape and I have a few people to thank, including my fitness coach and husband,"" Clijsters said on-court after the match. ""It feels really good to be back here, having won the title in 2005. It's always nice to come back to a place you have done well before, and to such a beautiful stadium."" Williams, cheered on by injured younger sister and current No. 1 Serena, made 29 unforced errors to Clijsters' 12 as she struggled to continue her recent good run of form. ""Sometimes when you hit a few bad shots it's not as easy to reel it in, and things start to go a little bit quicker,"" said Williams, who will rise to fourth in the rankings. ""Obviously against a player like Kim, if you make too many errors, the match can go quickly. I mean, I think she hit eight winners, so it wasn't that she played extremely solid -- it's not like I was blown off the court. Unfortunately I was my own worst enemy today."""
"(CNN) -- Two suspects were arrested over the weekend after authorities found two tons of raw elephant ivory and five rhinoceros horns at Nairobi's Jomo Kenyatta International Airport, the Kenya Wildlife Service said Monday. The cargo had been disguised as avocados, according to the service, which says its mission is ""to sustainably conserve and manage Kenya's wildlife and its habitats in collaboration with other stakeholders for posterity."" ""Most of the tusks seem to have been collected from natural deaths of about 150 elephants over the last 20 years with the latest likely to be 6 months old,"" it said in a news release. ""None of the tusks had the indelible ink used for marking government-held stocks. DNA tests will be conducted to determine the tusks' actual origin."" The seizure and arrests resulted from a joint operation that included the Kenya Wildlife Service, Kenya Revenue Authority, Lusaka Agreement Task Force and the Kenya Police, the wildlife service said. On Saturday night, the airport's warehouse security contacted a canine unit after becoming suspicious about a cargo destined for Malaysia through Dubai by Emirates Airline, it said. ""The cargo, which was falsely declared as containing only fresh avocado fruits, was packed in 12 wooden boxes, which raised a red flag due to its mode of package, weight and destination,"" it said. Inside the boxes, officials found the contraband packed among avocados and wrapped in black paper and banana leaves -- packaging used in an attempt to evade detection, the wildlife service said. Last year, 204 elephants were illegally killed in Kenya, up from 94 in 2008 and 47 in 2007, the service said. Also last year, 13 rhinoceroses were illegally killed in the country, up from five in 2008, it said. In 1979, Africa was home to some 1.3 million elephants; by 1989 only 600,000 remained, a drop blamed almost wholly on the killing of elephants for ivory, the service said. There are currently about 400,000 elephants in Africa, it said. After the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species banned international commercial ivory trade in 1989, demand dropped as did the price of ivory -- from $300 per kilo to about $3 per kilo, it said. As some southern African elephant populations appeared healthier, restrictions eased in 1997 and 2002, when Botswana, Namibia, South Africa and Zimbabwe were allowed to sell limited stocks of ivory to Japan."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Police arrested 26 demonstrators at the U.S. Capitol on Thursday during a protest of federal AIDS policy, a Capitol police spokeswoman said. A man is placed in a van Thursday after being arrested on suspicion of unlawfully demonstrating in the Capitol. Police arrested the protesters on suspicion of unlawful assembly and disorderly conduct at the Capitol rotunda, spokeswoman Sgt. Kimberly Schneider said. The protesting group, Health Global Access Project, said in a statement that 27 people were arrested. The 10 a.m. demonstration by dozens of AIDS activists for increased funding of AIDS programs coincides with this week's congressional talks over the financing of a health care reform plan. Members of Health Global Access Project entered the busy rotunda and chained themselves together with plastic chains, Schneider said. They lay on the ground holding up signs while some amused bystanders watched as police tried to persuade the protesters to disperse. Police took those who refused into custody. Group members knew they risked arrest, the group said in its statement, but they wanted to grab the attention of lawmakers and President Obama, who they accused of creating a ""flawed budget proposal"" that did not include critical HIV/AIDS funding. ""HIV is not in recession,"" Omolola Adele-Oso of DC Fights Back said in the statement. ""So why are we bailing out the bankers with $9 trillion, but breaking promises to fund life-saving AIDS programs in the U.S. and around the world at a fraction of that cost?"" The group wants increased HIV/AIDS funding in the health care plan and requested that the government ""fully fund"" global AIDS programs and housing programs for low-income AIDS sufferers, they said. They argue that the administration's budget proposal ""essentially flatlines global AIDS funding."" HIV/AIDS funding increased for 2010 under a Department of Health and Human Services budget. Obama applauded former President Bush in December for his funding of global AIDS programs and said he planned to continue the work for AIDS relief in Africa. About 33 million people worldwide have HIV, according to the World Health Organization. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that about 1.1 million people living in the United States are infected with HIV/AIDS. More than 13 percent of those newly diagnosed in 2006 transmitted the disease through injection drug use, the CDC reported. Health Global Access Project also wants Congress to lift the federal ban on funding syringe exchange so clean needles are available to users, Jose De Marco said in the statement. De Marco, who has HIV, is a member of the AIDS activist organizations ACT UP Philadelphia and Proyecto Sol Filadelphia."
(CNN) -- Thierry Henry scored twice as Barcelona booked their place in the quarterfinals of the Champions League with a 5-2 second leg victory against Lyon at the Nou Camp. Lionel Messi, left, and Thierry Henry celebrate as Barcelona reach the last eight of the Champions League. Former winners Porto joined them at the next stage after their return leg against Atletico finished goalless in Lisbon -- the 2-2 draw in the first leg in Madrid sending them through on the away goals. Spain's Primera Liga leaders Barcelona strolled into a 4-0 first half lead on their way to a 6-3 aggregate success with Lionel Messi and Samuel Eto'o building on Henry's double. Jean Makoun pulled one back just before half-time and Juninho struck three minutes after the restart, but the French champions never looked like disturbing Barca's path to the March 20 draw. Lyon's hopes suffered another blow when Juninho was given his marching orders after picking up a second yellow card in time added on and Seydou Keita took full advantage by snatching another in the final seconds. Having conceded an away goal in a 1-1 draw in the first leg at the Stade Gerland, Lyon had to score to stand any chance of progressing. After a fairly even opening, a quickfire double from Henry dictated the outcome of the tie. After 25 minutes he latched onto a ball from Rafael Marquez, beating the offside trap to slide the ball under Hugo Lloris. Two minutes later Henry doubled the lead when he slid the ball in at the near post past the advancing Lloris. Messi showed his class in the 40th minute. The Argentina star collected the ball on the right touchline, before embarking on a mazy run past three Lyon defenders. He then exchanged a one-two with Eto'o, before firing a low shot home. Eto'o was desperate to get on the scoresheet himself as he stormed into the box from the left, only to see his shot saved by Lloris from point-blank range. Within a minute, though, he had made amends as he popped up in the box, side-stepped his marker and smashed the ball home. A minute from the break, Makoun made it 4-1 as he headed home Juninho's corner. And the former Brazil midfielder got on the scoresheet himself three minutes after the break following a cross from Cesar Delgado. Any thoughts of a comeback failed to materialise as Barca continued to create a raft of chances. As the game moved, into stoppage time, Juninho picked up a second booking for dissent and moments later Mali midfielder Keita made it five for Barca.
"HAVANA, Cuba (CNN)  -- President Obama misinterpreted Cuban President Ral Castro's offer to start talks with the United States, Castro's brother Fidel said Wednesday, appearing to dismiss the U.S. leader's call for Cuba to release political prisoners. Fidel Castro appears with Venezuela's Hugo Chavez, left, and brother Ral Castro in a photo released in June. In an essay published in state-run newspapers Wednesday, the ailing revolutionary leader said the people Washington calls political prisoners are ""in the service of a foreign power that threatens and blockades our homeland."" Fidel Castro's comments come after signs of a thaw in the decades-old impasse between the United States and the communist-ruled island to its south. Obama lifted all restrictions on visits and money transfers between American citizens and relatives in Cuba this month, while Ral Castro said Cuba is prepared to talk with the United States about ""everything -- human rights, freedom of the press, political prisoners."" Speaking at a conference of inter-American and Caribbean leaders Sunday, Obama said the Cuban leader's declaration was ""a sign of progress."" He added that the Cuban government could send a much clearer, more positive signal by releasing political prisoners or reducing fees charged on remittances Americans send to relatives in the country. But Fidel Castro wrote Wednesday, ""There is no doubt that the president misinterpreted Ral's statements."" ""When the president of Cuba said he was ready to discuss any topic with the U.S. president, he meant he was not afraid of addressing any issue,"" Castro wrote. ""That shows his courage and confidence on the principles of the revolution."" He said Cuba would be willing to release prisoners held since a 2003 crackdown on dissidents if the United States would release five Cubans convicted of spying in 2001. And he criticized Obama for not doing more to lift the U.S. embargo on Cuba, imposed in 1962. ""Should we wait for so many years before his blockade is lifted?"" Castro asked. ""He did not invent it, but he embraced it just as much as the previous 10 U.S. presidents did."" Castro ceded power to his brother in 2006 before undergoing surgery for a still-undisclosed intestinal condition. But he remains head of the Communist Party, and his essay raises the question of who would be calling the shots in any talks with Washington. ""Who's in charge?"" one Havana man asked Wednesday. ""Raul -- ah, Fidel -- ah, Ral."" But a woman who spoke to CNN said, ""The president is Ral. He's the one you have to listen to now."""
(CNN) -- Inter Milan's title defense got back on track with a crushing 4-0 win over city rivals AC Milan, after three first-half strikes capitalized on the sending off of Rossoneri skipper Gennaro Gattuso on Saturday night at the San Siro. New boys Samuel Eto'o (left) and Wesley Sneijder celebrate Inter's impressive victory over Milan. Thiago Motta put Jose Mourinho's men in the lead, scoring his first goal for the club after thirty minutes with a left-foot strike, after being played in by fellow new recruit Samuel Eto'o. The Cameroon striker was involved again for the second when he was fouled when through on goal by an injury-hampered Gattuso to win a penalty for his side, before Diego Milito slotted home from the spot on 36 minutes. Worse followed for Gattuso when the midfielder received a red card for a tough tackle on Inter debutante Wesley Sneijder, before Brazil full back Maicon took advantage of his opponent's reduced numbers by shooting home form the edge of the area seconds before half time. Further humiliation came in the second half for the nominal home side when Serbian Dejan Stankovic crashed home a 30-yard drive to leave Marco Storari to pick the ball form his net for the fourth time that evening with 23 minutes of the game left. It was a miserable first derby for AC Milan coach Leonardo, who is in the process of rebuilding his side after the departure of former world footballer of the year Kaka to Spanish giants Real Madrid. Where the Rossoneri have lost talent to Spain, Inter have gained; with former Iberian charges Sneijder and Eto'o contributing well to their side's win. Holland midfielder Sneijder tested goalkeeper Storari after only six minutes to signal his team's intent while Eto'o had a key role in the following two goals. Eto'o also had a goal disallowed as he headed into the net from an offside position to cap a telling performance that was in stark contrast to that of Holland international Klass-Jan Huntelaar who made an inauspicious debut for Milan after leaving Real Madrid. Sully Muntari came on as a second-half substitute, seemingly confirming Mourinho's belief that the player had reduced energy levels as a result of fasting for Ramadan. Elsewhere in Serie A, Bari drew 0-0 with Bologna despite substitute Ferdinando Sforzini being sent off for the home side as the game drew to a close. In a game of few chances Daniele De Vezze went closest to opening the scoring for the hosts.
"(CNN) -- Casey Anthony's white Pontiac Sunbird is a crushed slab in a Florida junkyard, nearly seven weeks after she was acquitted of murder in her 2-year-old daughter's death, according a person in a law office close to the case. An assistant in the office of Mark Lippman -- who represents George and Cindy Anthony, who owned the car before giving it to their daughter, Casey -- said Friday that the car was destroyed a day earlier. The assistant declined to be named. That the vehicle had been crushed was first reported and documented by Florida TV station WOFL. The car, and the odor emanating from its trunk, had been central to the prosecution's case in Anthony's murder trial. On June 27, 2008, she abandoned the Pontiac at an Orlando business, saying it had run out of gas, according to testimony. It later was towed to a wrecker yard, where it remained until July 15 of that year, when George and Cindy Anthony got a letter from the yard and went to pick up the car. Several witnesses, including a tow yard employee and George Anthony, said there was a vile smell coming from car's trunk. The prosecution alleged -- and expert witnesses testified -- that the odor was that of human decomposition. They claimed Casey Anthony duct-taped her daughter's mouth and nose to suffocate her, and then put the body in the Pontiac's trunk before disposing of it. But the defense rebutted these claims, with attorney Jose Baez blasting what he called ""the state's fantasy of forensics"" in his closing argument. Defense attorneys maintained the child, Caylee, drowned in the Anthony's above-ground pool on June 16, and that Casey Anthony and her father, George Anthony, panicked upon finding her there and covered up the death. George Anthony denied that in his testimony. Baez claimed a ""phantom stain"" in the trunk should have included more in the way of DNA evidence. He said the state used ""junk science"" relating to the odor and stain in the Pontiac's trunk to reach its conclusions. After Anthony was cleared on the murder charge -- and convicted on four lesser counts of misleading law enforcement -- alternate juror Russell Huekler told HLN that he had a difficult time accepting that Caylee's body had been in the car trunk. In Session's Nancy Leung contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- The conviction of a terrorist doctor in the UK exposes how any section of society can become radicalized, a top police officer said Tuesday. Bilal Abdulla is shown being arrested after the attack at Glasgow Airport. Bilal Abdulla was well-educated and working as a doctor when he carried out his plot to plant car bombs in London -- rather than unemployed or with feelings of being outside or abandoned by society as has been seen before in the UK. Born in southern England, his family moved to Iraq when he was a child. He grew up in the capital during Saddam Hussein's rule and went to the University of Baghdad before returning to Britain to attend Cambridge University. The Cambridge-educated graduate became a doctor working in the National Health Service where the maxim is to treat anyone regardless of the ability to pay. Deputy Assistant Commissioner John McDowall, who heads the Counter Terrorism Command, said Abdulla and Kafeel Ahmed -- who died from burn injuries after he crashed a jeep into Glasgow International Airport, Scotland -- reveal a new type of terrorist. He told the UK's Press Association: ""These individuals were not on our radar and that in itself is very interesting. When you look at the profile of these individuals they are very different from the terrorists we have dealt with in this country before - being professional people. McDowell added they were probably inspired by al Qaeda in Iraq but developed their plan in Britain without help from abroad. ""I think this was a group that was largely self-motivated, came up with the ideas themselves, tutored themselves through the Internet. I don't think they received significant training elsewhere, which is unusual from what we have had in the past,"" he told PA. Abdulla's motive, prosecutors said, was revenge for the bloodshed in Iraq. Prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw said: 'There is no longer a conventional approach to terrorism. There are no rules to be broken any more, nothing can be taken for granted."" Abdulla was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy to murder and conspiring to cause explosions. He will be sentenced to Woolwich Crown Court, London, on Wednesday. The jury rejected his defense that he had planned only to set fire to cars in central London as a way of highlighting the plight of Iraqis."
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- A stolen Statue of Liberty replica has resurfaced in a disturbing video posted on YouTube that shows someone decapitating the blindfolded lady and smashing her head into pieces. The YouTube video shows a gloved hand sawing off Lady Liberty's head before smashing it. The 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop, a coffee shop in Brooklyn. ""It's very disturbing,"" shop operator Debi Ryan told CNN, adding the video struck a chord similar to that of terrorist assassination videos. ""I don't know what it means. ... I don't know who would do this."" The YouTube video begins with a waving American flag, and then shows a gloved hand sawing off the head of the statue before crushing it. The slogans ""We don't want your freedom"" and ""Death to America"" flash across the screen during the one-minute video, which is dated July Fourth. It was anonymously e-mailed to the Daily News and Ryan earlier this week. Ryan said she's sure the statue in the video is the one stolen from her cafe. ""She's unique. I know my girl,"" she said of the statue. ""We just had her completely refurbished, outfitted with a solar torch and painted."" Authorities told CNN they are handling the case as a larceny rather than separately investigating the YouTube video. ""We want to verify who sent the e-mail with the video and see if they're responsible,"" police said. A sign on the store, located in Ditmas Park, reads, ""Books, Coffee, Democracy,"" near where the 8-foot replica of Lady Liberty used to stand outside. The self-described community coffee shop is also a bookstore and a spot for artists and performers. ""We've created a space here that's owned by the community,"" Ryan said. ""We're all about freedom of speech and freedom to be who you are and say whatever you think."" But Ryan doesn't consider the YouTube video featuring her stolen statue appropriate free speech. ""Vox Pop stands for freedom of speech. You don't get to steal somebody else's property to send that message. We have to respect each other,"" she said. Although the coffee shop recently faced economic problems and neighborhood tension, the motive behind the statue's theft remains unknown. As for whether there will be a replacement statue, Ryan said, ""I'm hoping. I think she belongs here. But she added, ""Whether we have a physical statue or not, what she stands for remains here."""
"(CNN) -- South Korean striker Ji Dong-Won, who scored four goals for his country in this year's Asian Cup, has joined English Premier League club Sunderland. The 20-year-old signed a three-year contract after moving from K-League club Chunnam Dragons, who are based in the South Korean city of Gwangyang. Ji starred for his country at January's Asian Cup in Qatar, grabbing four goals to take his tally to six in 11 appearances. He follows in the footsteps of compatriot Park Ji-Sung, who has won four Premier League titles and Europe's most prestigious club competition, the Champions League, since he joined Manchester United in 2005. ""I am so satisfied to be able to come to a good club, a nice club in the world's number one league,"" Ji told Sunderland's official web site. ""I am happy because I have a chance to challenge the biggest players, and that gives me motivation. ""As a striker, I like to overwhelm defenders. My aim is to help the team get as many points as possible. That is what will give me satisfaction."" Sunderland coach Steve Bruce said: ""The boy has been in fantastic form for both club and country and he was one of South Korea's stand-out performers at the Asian Cup, so we are delighted to bring him to Sunderland. ""The Premier League is very different to the K-League, so there is hard work ahead, but you just have to look at players like Park Ji-Sung and (Bolton winger) Lee Chung-Yong to see how well Korean players are adapting to its pace and physicality."" Sunderland also announced the signing of Craig Gardner from Birmingham City, who were relegated from the Premier League last season. Meanwhile, former Germany international Torsten Frings has left German club Werder Bremen to join Major League Soccer side Toronto FC. Frings claimed he was persuaded to sign for Toronto by former Germany legend Jurgen Klinsmann, who acts as an advisor for the club. ""Jurgen Klinsmann telephoned me and asked me if I could imagine joining Toronto. He made me very curious,"" he said on his personal web site. ""It's Toronto's overall appeal which swayed me -- it's a city with a great quality of life in a super country, with A full stadium, a professional environment and a vision at the club to which I can contribute in a central role."" Portugal striker Nuno Gomes has joined Braga on a one-year contract after leaving Portuguese giants Benfica last month."
"Johannesburg, South Africa (CNN) -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela led mourning for his great-granddaughter at a chapel in Johannesburg, South Africa, on Thursday, his office announced. Zenani Mandela, 13, was buried in a private ceremony earlier in the day, Mandela's office said, after she was killed in a car crash June 11. ""I should have let you sleep longer when you told me you were tired. I should have let you wear all the make-up in the world,"" Zenani's mother Zoleka Mandela said in a message read by a family friend at the service, according to the Mandela Foundation. ""I should have given you more money, more hugs, more kisses, and I should have whispered more in your ear 'I love you,' "" Refiloe Seakemela said, overcome with emotion as she read the mother's statement. Zenani was returning from the World Cup soccer tournament's kickoff concert when she was killed. Mandela, who did much to bring the tournament to his country, skipped the World Cup kickoff, which came only hours after Zenani died. Zenani turned 13 two days before she died. Her uncle, Prince Zinhle Dlamini, told mourners that she had met Portuguese soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo on her birthday. ""Ronaldo is here because it's my birthday and he doesn't even know who I am,"" Dlamini remembered her saying. ""My gift from him was a kiss and two signed T-shirts of Real Madrid."" ""She was a precious little girl who shined bright for everyone to see,"" he said, choking up, the foundation said. Zenani was in a car returning from the show at Orlando Stadium in Soweto when the wreck occurred. No other vehicle was involved in the wreck, the foundation said. The driver was arrested for culpable homicide and drunk driving, police told CNN. Zenani was one of Mandela's nine great-grandchildren. Her great-grandmother Winnie Madikizela-Mandela -- Mandela's ex-wife -- also attended the memorial, as did Mandela's wife Graca Machel, along with other relatives, schoolfriends and teachers. Mandela, who is 91, has limited his public appearances recently, although he did meet the South Africa soccer squad before the World Cup began."
"Washington (CNN) -- The White House position on extraterrestrials is now clear: aliens haven't contacted Earth, but that doesn't mean the U.S. government isn't looking for them. ""The U.S. government has no evidence that any life exists outside our planet, or that an extraterrestrial presence has contacted or engaged any member of the human race,"" wrote Phil Larson of the White House Office of Science & Technology Policy in a blog post on the White House website. The response went on to say that even though there is no proof that life exists outside Earth, ""that doesn't mean the subject of life outside our planet isn't being discussed or explored,"" he said . The petitions were submitted through ""We the People,"" a White House initiative that promises a White House response to any petition that can garner 5,000 signatures in 30 days. This response by the White House satisfies the demands of two petitions, one of which garnered over 12,000 signatures. That petition called on the White House to ""formally acknowledge an extraterrestrial presence engaging the human race."" ""Hundreds of military and government agency witnesses have come forward with testimony confirming this extraterrestrial presence,"" stated the petition. ""Opinion polls now indicate more than 50% of the American people believe there is an extraterrestrial presence and more than 80% believe the government is not telling the truth about this phenomenon. The people have a right to know. The people can handle the truth."" According to the White House, however, ""there is no credible information to suggest that any evidence is being hidden from the public's eye."" But Larson indicated that a host of government agencies are working ""toward the goal of understanding if life can or does exist off Earth,"" including the Mars Science Laboratory, SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence and Kepler, the NASA spacecraft. And even though the White House was clear that there is no credible evidence that aliens have contacted earth, Larson did point out that the odds are in favor of extraterrestrial existence, but not contact. ""Many scientists and mathematicians... have come to the conclusion that the odds are pretty high that somewhere among the trillions and trillions of stars in the universe there is a planet other than ours that is home to life,"" wrote Larson. ""However, that the odds of us making contact with any of them  especially any intelligent ones  are extremely small, given the distances involved."""
"(CNN) -- Make the most of ""the world's most livable city"" with these insider tips. Trump card The Copenhagen Card entitles you to free use of the city's train, bus and metro systems, as well as free admission to 60 museums and attractions. There are two versions, valid for either for either 24 hours (199 DKR) or 72 hours (429 DKR), which you can buy at tourist offices, train stations and some hotels (www.copenhagencard.com). Louisiana Museum of Modern Art is well worth the journey. Louisiana Museum of Modern Art Make your way some 40km north of the city to this fascinating museum -- it's well worth the effort. Set in a beautiful sculpture park in the coastal village of Humlebaek, Louisiana is a beguiling combination of nature, architecture and contemporary art (www.louisiana.dk/dk). On the up Check out the district of Nrrebro for a taste of the 'other side' of Copenhagen. Slightly grungy, defiantly hip and definitely up-and-coming, this area has had its share of social problems, but it also has an undeniable energy and is increasingly popular with Copenhagen's young-and-trendy set. Pass the Post The Copenhagen Post is a weekly English-language paper, available from train stations and newsstands. It comes with the 16-page ""In & Out Guide,"" which has complete entertainment listings and is worth the cover price by itself. Route canal Take a load off and let a canal boat take the strain as it meanders through Copenhagen's waterways. DFDS Canal Tours offers one-hour guided tours from Nyhaven and Gammel Strand, as well as a water bus service that allows you to board and disembark at any of its 16 stops (www.canaltours.com/DCT/EN). Free museums Two of the city's finest cultural treasures, the Statens Museum for Kunst (National Gallery) and The National Museum don't charge for admission. A number of Copenhagen's museums and galleries offer free entry on Wednesdays, including the excellent Ny Carlsberg Glyptoteket. .................................. What are your tips for a great stay in Copenhagen? Where have you found the ""real"" Copenhagen? Send us your suggestions in the ""Sound Off"" box below and we'll print the best."
"(CNN) -- Saudi Arabia's quest for a fourth Asian Cup title, and first since 1996, is over after they slumped to a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Jordan in Doha on Thursday. A mistake from goalkeeper Waleed Abdullah sealed Saudi Arabia's fate, as the kingdom slumped to their second successive defeat following their surprise 2-1 loss to Syria on Sunday. Last weekend's defeat saw the instant dismissal of Portuguese coach Jose Peseiro, but his replacement Nasser Al Johar failed to get the victory the Saudi's needed to keep their tournament alive, despite making four changes to his side. An ominous sign for the 2022 World Cup? The only goal of the game came three minutes before half-time against the run of play. There looked no danger when Baha Abdelrahman floated in a cross from the right hand side, but Abdullah completely misjudged the flight of the ball and could only watch on in horror as it looped into the net. Despite the shock nature of their exit, Al Johar was philosophical about the defeat. ""We played very well and we created opportunities to score, especially in the second half,"" he told reporters. ""But we were not lucky and this is football. Maybe we'll do better in the future,"" he added. The result means Saudi Arabia become the first team to bow out of the competition and puts Jordan level on points with Japan at the top of the group. Meanwhile, Group B favorites Japan claimed a hard fought 2-1 win over Syria in the day's other match to move onto four points after their two matches. Japan were never at their best against committed opponents, who would have qualified for the knockout stages with another victory, and a tense encounter saw both teams finish with 10 men. Captain Makoto Hasebe opened the scoring for the three-time champions in the 35th minute, finding the corner of the net with a well-placed strike after some superb individual play from Keisuke Honda. However, Syria levelled in controversial fashion with 14 minutes remaining, when Firas Al Khatib netted from the penalty spot after goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima had fouled Sanharib Malki -- despite the player being flagged offside. Japan's players protested vehemently but the Iranian referee stuck by his decision, sending off Kawashima in the process. Despite being a man down, Japan rallied and won the match in the 80th minute when Honda coverted another penalty, given after Ali Dyab had brought down substitute striker Shinji Okazaki. Syria were also to finish with 10 men after Nadim Sabagh was sent off in injury time for two quick yellow cards. Japan only need to draw with Saudi Arabia in their final match to qualify for the next stage, while whoever wins the match between Jordan and Syria will join them, although Jordan also just need a point from that fixture."
"(CNN)  -- Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti has backed his 50 million ($80.5 million) striker Fernando Torres to live up to his price tag after the Spain striker's disappointing debut against his former club Liverpool. Chelsea slumped to a 1-0 home defeat with Torres giving an ineffectual display on his debut at Stamford Bridge, being substituted just after the hour mark. Torres wasted a chance in the second minute and his partnership with Didier Drogba did not live up to the pre-match hype. But Ancelotti pleaded for patience, saying his new striker had been in training with his new teammates for just three days ahead of the English Premier League with Liverpool. ""Torres did a good job but we had difficulty to find space because Liverpool defended very well. They put three defenders in the middle and we couldn't attack them,"" Ancelotti told his club's official television channel. ""He has experience and confidence. He didn't show problems or nerves before the game. He was excited to play. We have to give him time to adjust to the shape. He will do it quickly."" The defeat leaves defending champions Chelsea still 10 points adrift of leaders Manchester United, with games running out but Ancelotti is hoping Torres and the other new signing, central defender David Luiz, will be up to the task. 'We have fantastic players with fantastic ability. It was a difficult game, obviously we are disappointed, but both Fernando Torres and David Luiz will be the future for this club,' Ancelotti added. Torres admitted that Liverpool's tactics of deploying three central defenders had proved effective. ""They played with three at the back and maybe we weren't expecting that,"" he told Chelsea TV. ""But we have to keep fighting to the end and there are a lot of points still to be won,"" he added. Meanwhile, Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish was delighted by his team's performance in a fourth straight win but dismissed talk of Torres' departure being an extra incentive. ""I came here to get three points, whether Carlo Ancelotti was playing up front or anyone else doesn't matter. ""He (Torres) had one shot on target when Jamie Carragher did a fantastic block tackle but I'm not here to talk any somebody else's players,"" he told reporters. Liverpool have moved up to a season-high sixth in the standings after their superb recent run under Dalglish."
"(CNN)  -- Thierry Henry could face FIFA disciplinary action over his handball which helped France to qualify for the finals of the 2010 World Cup at the expense of Ireland. FIFA president Sepp Blatter told reporters in Cape Town that the Barcelona striker's ""blatant unfair play"" could land him in hot water. ""The FIFA disciplinary committee will open an investigation ... concerning the behavior of the player Thierry Henry,"" he said. ""It was blatant unfair play and was seen all around the world. I don't know the outcome of the disciplinary committee, let them make the decision. ""Fair play must be maintained in our game."" Blatter was speaking after an extraordinary meeting of the FIFA executive committee, which was convened to consider the refereeing controversy in the France - Ireland match, incidents surrounding the Algeria - Egypt playoff tie and matchfixing in Europe. It had been widely trailed that the FIFA executive would sanction the use of two extra officials behind both goal lines in World Cup. But Blatter said that the finals in South Africa was too soon to introduce the system which has been used in the second-tier European club tournament this year. ""The experiments with the Europa League shall go on into the knockout stages next year but it has been decided, for the World Cup 2010, there is no change in the refereeing: one referee, two assistants and a fourth official."" He went on to say that there would be further investigation into both video technology and additional referees. ""We shall have a look at technology or additional persons and this shall be done by a committee but not the referees committee alone, it will be done by the football, technical and medical committees, too,"" he added. Ireland were denied a place in the finals by a goal that should have been disallowed because Henry used his hand to control the ball before setting up William Gallas to score the aggregate decider in the second leg in the Stade de France. Ireland subsequently launched two appeals, the first for the match to be replayed, the second for them to be added to the line-up for the finals as the 33rd team. Both have been rejected, but Blatter was forced to apologize to the Irish for making public their supposedly private bid to be included as an extra team. Blatter put their request into the public domain in light-hearted comments made in Johannesburg, which left Irish football officials infuriated and insulted. ""I would like to express my regrets for the wrong interpretation of what I said. I regret what I have created and I'm sorry to the Ireland football confederation for these headlines going around the world,"" he said. ""It's a pity I communicated in this way. Sorry again."""
"(CNN) -- Children from a polygamist sect who one mother says are ""hurting very badly"" in state custody are likely to be returned to their parents, a CNN legal analyst says. FLDS member Margaret Jessop says her children ""feel betrayed by adults."" A Texas appeals court ruled Thursday that the state had no right to remove hundreds of children from the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints' ranch in Eldorado on April 3, based on the suspicion that a few were being sexually abused. A sect mother who has four children in state custody said the matter has not been fully resolved because an appeal to the Texas Supreme Court is possible. ""I'm very grateful, but I'd like to see the children in my arms before I rejoice greatly,"" Margaret Jessop said on CNN's ""Larry King Live.""  Watch Jessop react to the ruling  . But a permanent reunion of families is likely, said Jeffrey Toobin, CNN senior legal analyst. ""Based on this ruling I think it's clear that if it stands, all these kids are going back with their mothers,"" Toobin said on CNN's ""Anderson Cooper 360."" Jessop and other FLDS parents said they had been permitted visits with their children in foster care. Zavenda Young said two of her children were sent to Waco, Texas, and two to Hockley, 148 miles away. ""They're in Boys and Girls Country in Hockley. And it's just a -- it's an institution,"" she told host Larry King. Their father, Edson Jessop, said the experience has been rough on the children. ""You can see it's a lot of stress on them,"" he said. ""Every time we leave, they go through that trauma again. It's enough to rip your heart out."" ""They feel betrayed by adults, and they're hurting very badly,"" Margaret Jessop added. The Texas Child Protective Services Department's Web site says the agency has been ""coordinating with many professional service and government agencies to ensure the safety, health and comfort of the children and women in Eldorado."" A statement from the agency Thursday said it's working out a response to the court ruling. ""Child Protective Services has one duty -- to protect children,"" the statement said. ""When we see evidence that children have been sexually abused and remain at risk of further abuse, we will act. ... We will work with the office of the attorney general to determine the state's next step in this case."""
"(CNN) -- Cristiano Ronaldo has warned holders Manchester United that Champions League quarterfinal opponents Porto will be no pushovers, ahead of Tuesday's first leg clash at Old Trafford. Ronaldo is confident holders United will see off Porto's challenge of two legs and reach the semis. ""Porto are a very good team,"" said Portugal's World Player of the Year. ""They are top of the league back home, ahead of Sporting Lisbon and Benfica and we know how strong they can be."" But Ronaldo, who scored twice in the dramatic 3-2 win over Aston Villa that sent United back to the top of the Premier League, is confident enough to predict that United will reach the last four . ""The good thing is we have two games against them and I feel that will be enough to get us through,"" he said. United are odds-on favorites to reach a third successive semifinal, but manager Alex Ferguson also respects a side that finished above Arsenal in the group phase and defeated highly-rated Atletico Madrid on away goals in the last round. ""It would be stupid to think this is going to be easy,"" said Ferguson. ""When teams are used to winning their domestic title, as Porto are in Portugal, you always feel they will play with great confidence. ""They have a lot of South Americans in their team as well, which gives them a great physical strength. ""By beating Atletico Madrid, Porto proved they will be hard to beat. Complacency does not come into it as far as we are concerned. We will be going at full throttle in order to get the result we want."" Brazil forward Hulk, man-of-the-match as Porto extended their unbeaten league run to 16 games at the weekend, provides a physical threat with strike partner Lisandro Lopez equally capable of causing United damage. Ferguson feels the last-gasp win over Villa can kick-start their push for glory after it had appeared United's mini-slump was about to turn into a full-blown crisis. They were trailing 2-1 when Ronaldo equalised. Then, in the second minute of stoppage time, debutant Federico Macheda curled home a magnificent winner to send United into ecstasy. ""The winner was one of those incredible moments you probably only get at this club and it could well galvanise the club,"" said Ferguson who keeps the 17-year-old in his squad against Porto. United will be bolstered by the return of Wayne Rooney, Nemanja Vidic and Paul Scholes from suspension, but Rio Ferdinand is still sidelined by a groin injury."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Later this summer, a motor rally will make its way across Europe. Nothing strange in that you might think. But this is a race with a difference -- a ""banger rally"" if you like -- and one with a well-tuned environmental message. Andy Pag is leading a ""chip fat"" rally to Greece in August 2008. The ""Grease to Greece"" expedition will attempt to travel from the UK to Greece powered exclusively by chip fat scrounged from a variety of restaurants, kebab shops and burger vans en route. Organizer Andy Pag said: ""The aim is to see if using vegetable oil for long distances is practical and feasible, and to have a bit of a laugh on the way."" Pag, who lives in London, is no stranger to environmentally-friendly jaunts. In 2007, Pag successfully drove a bio-truck powered by waste chocolate from the UK to Timbuktu. The starting point for this summer's road trip is, not surprisingly, a 1950's style greasy spoon cafe in South London. The team will then set off for the continent traveling down through Germany -- stopping off at the Nurburgring for the Grease Lightening stage -- before heading off towards Austria and then Italy, before following the Croatian coast down to Greece. The ""fat finding"" mission, as organizers have dubbed it, will start on the 16th August. It will take around two weeks to reach the finish line. If teams find waste oil hard to come by they can load up with fresh cooking oil from supermarkets. But the aim is to show that carbon neutral motoring, using waste fat as a biofuel, is achievable. Pag told CNN that he currently has 15 spaces filled and that there are still a few places left. ""All you need is a diesel car,"" he said. With conventional fuel prices high and rising, Pag couldn't have picked a better time to take on the challenge. Next year, he plans to fly from the UK to China powered by fuel created from landfill waste. The idea is to highlight the process of making low-carbon aviation fuel. ""It's such an exciting concept because it could revolutionize the aviation industry and the way we think about travel,"" Pag said. ""The key factors are that it needs to economically and environmentally viable. So far the experiments that have been done haven't really hit the mark yet, but it's good that they are developing the ideas."" If you want join the ""Grease to Greece"" challenge or want to find out more about the trip follow the link here."
In the comic book the shooter opens fire during Led Zeppelin's Stairway To Heaven - which is said to contain a message to Satan . By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:08 EST, 20 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:50 EST, 20 July 2012 . The Dark Knight cinema massacre may have been inspired by a Batman comic book strip, it emerged on Friday. The bloodbath is a chilling copycat of a 25-year-old Batman comic strip which features a deranged gunman opening fire in a cinema. In the second issue of The Dark Knight Returns, written by Frank Miller - the creative mind behind Sin City and 300 - gunman Arnold Crimp opens fire in a pornographic theatre, killing three people, after listening to Led Zepplin's classic track 'Stairway to Heaven.' Copy cat killer? There are eerie similarities between the massacre at the Aurora multiplex during a showing of The Dark Knight Rises and a sequence in a seminal 1986 comic book . Life imitating art: In the second issue of Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns a crazed gunman stands up in the middle of a Batman-inspired porn movie and opens fire inside the crowded theater . Text from the page reads: 'Arnold Crimp fingers the cold steel thing in his pocket and stares at the movie marquee and does not throw up. 'He thinks about Led Zeppelin and how they are trying to kill him. 'He had not known about Led Zeppelin until Father Don on TV had explained it last night. 'Father Don said that Led Zeppelin hid a prayer to Satan in their song Stairway to Heaven. 'They hid it very well. They recorded it backwards. 'Arnold Crimp took the album from the record store where he worked until they fired him this afternoon and transferred Stairway to Heaven to tape. 'Then he played the tape backwards. He played it forty-seven times until he was absolutely certain that Father Don was right.' Crime scene: Police outside the Century 16 movie theatre in Aurora, Colorado, on Friday morning . Crimp then walks into a cinema, which is screening a pornographic film called My Sweet Satan, and opens fire. Holmes motives behind the massacre are unknown, but if he was a fan of the Batman comics, then he may well have read the issue featuring Crimp's killing-spree. The comic itself is still in print, and on Friday it was available in book shores, priced 12.99 UK or $20 U.S.
"(CNN) -- Employers in Denmark have started paying compensation to women who have developed breast cancer after working night shifts. Studies have shown that nurses working night shifts have an increased risk of developing breast cancer. Thirty-eight eight women have so far received payments via their employers' insurance companies, the Danish National Board of Industrial Injuries told CNN. To qualify for compensation, women must have developed breast cancer after having worked at least one night shift a week for 20 to 30 years. The amount of compensation depends on the severity of claimants' illness and their ability to work. The move came after the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), part of the World Health Organization, concluded that night work is ""probably carcinogenic to humans,"" in October 2007. Ulla Mahnkopf developed breast cancer after 30 years working as a flight attendant for SAS, a job where night shifts were the norm. She told the BBC that had she known the effects of night working she wouldn't have flown for so many years. The IARC classifies the cancer risk of night work as ""Group 2A"" -- the same as using sun beds -- and just one group below confirmed carcinogens like asbestos and mustard gas. The IARC reviewed published scientific literature and found that long-term night workers have an increased risk of breast cancer. Dr Vincent Cogliano, Head of the IARC Monographs Program, told CNN that the evidence in humans is limited to breast cancer because researchers have historically studied nurses and flight attendants. Cogliano said he would like to see studies carried out on different types of workers in other industrial settings. He added that the human studies are consistent with laboratory research that exposes animals to changing patterns of light and dark to mimic the conditions of humans working at night. It is thought that night work can disrupt the circadian system, which can alter sleep patterns, suppress melatonin production, and affect genes involved in tumor development. ""This is a very important topic and it needs more research,"" said Cogliano. ""Working at night or disrupting your sleep cycle is a widespread phenomenon and it is important to understand the health implications. There could be other cancers or other health implications involved."" Those most likely to do night shifts are those working in the health-care industry, hospitality, industrial manufacturing, news media and security workers."
"MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- Eight people were killed and 101 were wounded in two explosions during a celebration of Mexico's independence day Monday night, a Mexican official said Tuesday. Wounded people get help after blasts Monday night during an independence day event in Morelia, Mexico. Two people remained in grave condition, said Roman Armando Luna Escalante, secretary of health in Michoacan state. Eleven of the wounded were children, Luna Escalante said. None of them are gravely injured. The explosions occurred around 11 p.m. near the governor's residence in Morelia, the capital of Michoacan. The second blast happened shortly afterward a few blocks away. Officials would not say if they have any suspects or if any group has claimed responsibility. Some experts pointed to drug cartels or insurgents. ""It could be a warning to the federal government, which has put a lot of money and manpower to deal with drugs, which are very powerful there,"" said Peter Hakim, president of the Inter-American Dialogue, a Washington-based think tank on Western Hemisphere affairs. ""It could be leftist guerrilla groups that occasionally throw a bomb. ""The problem is that this is part of a real wave of violence that is consuming Mexico."" Last week the bodies of 24 people, bound and shot execution-style, were found in Atlapulco, a town just south of Mexico City. Those killings Friday came roughly two weeks after tens of thousands of Mexicans marched on the nation's capital, calling for greater government action against the wave of violent crime. Non-governmental groups estimate there have been more than 1,500 killings in Mexico this year linked to organized crime. In late August, Mexican President Felipe Calderon met with the country's 32 governors to develop a plan to battle the rise in violent crime. Calderon, who was born in Morelia, condemned the attacks and said federal officials will redouble efforts to help state authorities investigate. More than 1,500 soldiers and federal police were maintaining order Tuesday, which marks the 198th anniversary of what Mexicans regard as their independence day. Festivities typically start the night before because on September 16, 1810, shortly before dawn, a priest in a village in the state of Guanajuato rang a church bell and called on Mexicans to fight for independence from Spain. The celebration in Morelia on Monday night was one of hundreds nationwide to celebrate that call for independence, which Mexico formally achieved in 1821."
"(CNN)  -- The South Carolina Ethics Commission has charged Gov. Mark Sanford with 37 counts of violating state ethics laws, according to a complaint released by the commission on Monday. The complaint follows a three-month investigation into Sanford's use of taxpayer money. Sanford is accused of using tax money to buy business-class airfare on domestic and international flights, flying on a state-owned aircraft to political gatherings or events ""which involved no official business,"" and spending campaign funds for personal use such as buying a ticket to attend President Obama's inauguration in January. South Carolina law requires state officials to buy the lowest fares available for flights, and bars the use of state aircraft for personal use. Sanford's office did not respond to requests for comment about the charges. The governor, once a rising star in the Republican Party before he revealed an extramarital affair in June, faces a hearing along with his legal team before a three-member ethics panel. Cathy Hazelwood, general counsel to the state Ethics Commission, said no date has been set for the hearing. After arguments are presented, the panel will determine if Sanford broke any state laws. The ethics case involves civil charges that are punishable by fines, and Sanford can appeal decisions up to the state Supreme Court. Only the state attorney general, Henry McMaster, can decide to pursue criminal charges against the governor. McMaster is reviewing the allegations to determine if any laws were broken. The new charges compound Sanford's political problems, which have been simmering for months as investigators scrutinized his finances. State legislators already have filed an impeachment resolution against the governor for leaving the state this summer to visit his Argentine mistress without installing a proper chain of command or informing his staff. A special House subcommittee will meet in Columbia on Tuesday to formally consider the resolution for the first time. State Rep. Greg Delleney, a Republican and one of the sponsors of the impeachment resolution, said he expects the subcommittee to look over the ethics commission results during the Thanksgiving holiday and decide whether to adjust the measure to include material from the ethics complaint. Delleney said he thinks Monday's report will give new momentum to the impeachment push. ""The sheer volume of the violations might be useful in bringing some more representatives over to the side of impeachment,"" Delleney said. If the special subcommittee decides to move forward with impeachment, the resolution will be passed onto the Judiciary Committee, which will then vote on whether to bring it to the floor of the legislature when lawmakers return to the state capital of Columbia in January. For Sanford to be forcibly removed from office, two-thirds of the South Carolina House and and two-thirds of the state Senate must vote to impeach him."
"LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN)  -- Royal Dutch Shell said Tuesday that it may not be able to meet its oil supply obligations in Nigeria after an attack on its major pipeline. Heavily armed Nigerian rebels pose a constant threat to oil pipelines in the country. The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND), a rebel group, said ""detonation engineers backed by heavily armed fighters"" sabotaged two of Shell's pipelines early Monday. After a helicopter flyover of the area, Shell confirmed that parts of its large Nembe Creek ""trunk line"" were damaged, company spokeswoman Caroline Wittgen said. The company shut down some production ""to limit the amount of crude that will spill into the environment,"" she said. Hours later, it declared ""force majeure,"" a legal term meaning it could not meet its supply obligations in the region because of the attack. ""[Shell] is working hard to repair the line and restore production,"" Wittgen said. Nigeria is the fourth-largest supplier of oil to the United States, and attacks by rebels have helped fuel the year-long spike in crude oil prices. It's one of many factors pushing up the price of gas in the U.S., where one in every 10 barrels of oil comes from Nigeria. MEND -- the largest rebel group -- has targeted foreign oil companies since 2006. It has bombed pipelines and kidnapped hundreds of foreign oil workers, typically releasing them unharmed, sometimes after receiving a ransom payment. MEND hopes to secure a greater share of oil wealth for people in the delta, where more than 70 percent of the population lives on less than a dollar a day. Its attacks on oil facilities have taken a toll. ""Anytime a pipeline is affected, anytime any production gets shut down, you see oil prices jump up one or two dollars a barrel just because there is no slack in the system,"" said Jim LeCamp, a senior vice president with RBC Wealth Management, which manages assets for wealthy clients worldwide. Exxon and Shell are two of several companies that have been extracting 2 million barrels of oil a day in Nigeria. Recent rebel attacks on oil pipelines in the Niger Delta have cut overall production by roughly 10 percent -- meaning 200,000 fewer barrels of oil on some days. That decrease in production comes at a time of increased demand from oil-hungry regions such as China, Russia and Latin America. ""Anytime there's a disruption there, it really affects the system,"" LeCamp said in a recent interview with CNN."
"New York (CNN) -- JetBlue has begun refunding the passengers of five flights who were stranded on the tarmac of a Connecticut airport for as long as eight hours on Saturday, a spokeswoman for the airline told CNN on Thursday. Alison Croyle, spokeswoman for the airline, said refunds are currently being issued to passengers on all five planes that remained on the tarmac of Bradley International Airport near Hartford, amid the severe snowstorm that hit the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic. ""Yes, we started issuing refunds, but it will take us a while to get everyone,"" she said. She said the passengers were given a letter on Saturday notifying them of full refund for their trip and a roundtrip voucher for future trips, customer service was also told to call each customer and apologize. CNN Senior U.N. Correspondent Richard Roth, who was stuck for eight hours on the tarmac aboard JetBlue Flight 504, said he had received a ticket price refund of $161.86. That flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, but was diverted due to the weather. In a video posed Tuesday on the airline's blog and YouTube channel, Chief Operating Officer Rob Maruster apologized for a ""confluence of events"" that led to the incident, which he explained as ""various runway, congestion and other operational issues at Newark and JFK Airports."" However, Maruster said, ""at no point in this weekend was safety ever compromised."" ""But let's face it, you count on us at JetBlue for a lot more -- and we promise a lot more -- and we know we let some of you down over the course of this weekend and for that we are truly sorry."" Maruster said the airline intends to ""fully participate with the Department of Transportation and cooperating with their investigation into events over the weekend, and we're also going to conduct an internal evaluation so that we can learn from this event because at the end of the day, you deserve better -- and we expect better from our crew members and our operation."" During the eight-hour ordeal aboard Flight 504, there was little food or water, passengers were fighting, and some had medical issues . ""I got a problem here on the airplane. I'm going to need to have the cops onboard,"" a flight crew member told the tower in a conversation posted on LiveATC.net, a website that monitors air traffic control conversations. ""I need some air stairs brought over here and the cops brought onboard the airplane."" Passenger Roseann Kozma explained the situation in a phone interview with CNN affiliate WTIC from the plane. ""A couple passengers are fighting and there's a baby on here that's been crying the whole time,"" she said. Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WTIC."
"Paris, France (CNN) -- The French foreign ministry Thursday said a photograph of seven hostages in Niger -- including five French nationals -- has been authenticated and is an ""encouraging sign"" showing the hostages are alive. ""On September 30th a television network broadcast a photograph of the seven people who were kidnapped in Arlit [Niger] on September 16th, including five French nationals,"" the foreign ministry statement said. ""Even if we do not know what date it was taken, it is an encouraging sign as it shows all the hostages alive. All state services are mobilized and are doing everything they can to free them."" The photograph was also posted on an al Qaeda-linked website, along with audio of what appeared to be the hostages responding to rapid questions from an unknown man. Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), the terror movement's affiliate in North Africa, claimed responsibility for the abductions of the six men and one woman, who are all linked with the French nuclear reactor builder Areva. The group included an Areva employee and his wife, along with five subcontractors who worked for the French construction firm Vinci. A spokesman for French President Nicolas Sarkozy's office said Sunday that France was ""ready to discuss"" the hostages' release. On the recording, four men and one woman are heard giving information, including name, age, nationality, hometown, job title and marital status. All the hostages said they are French and gave the names of French cities as their hometowns. One man and the woman, who said they are married, gave their ages as 59 and 62. Three others said they are 25, 30 and 33. The photograph showed seven people sitting on the ground. Six were men, and the seventh person's face was intentionally blurred. Behind them stood people with covered faces, carrying large guns. Officials for Areva and Vinci say they have beefed up security measures for their employees in the area and are working closely with both Nigerien and French authorities to secure the release of the hostages. French military planes have been flying reconnaissance missions from the airport in Niamey, Niger's capital, trying to locate the hostages or their abductors. Areva has been mining uranium for the past four decades in Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world. French director Michel Germaneau was abducted in Niger and executed in July in nearby Mauritania. A video showed Germaneau's photo along with images of the French flag and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb's black-and-white flag."
"(CNN) -- An eight-hour hostage standoff ended late Wednesday when an armed, disabled man wheeled himself out of a Virginia post office and was taken into custody, according to the mayor of Wytheville. Initially, authorities reported five people -- three postal workers and two customers -- were taken hostage after a man entered a Wytheville, Virginia, post office about 2:30 p.m. and fired a gun. But Mayor Trent Crewe said police later believed the gunman was holding fewer than five people and that they have accounted for people they thought could have been inside. ""Apparently they ran as it was unfolding and we didn't know that for a while,"" Crewe said. An unidentified witness told CNN affiliate WDBJ that he, a fellow window clerk and the postmaster were in the building when the gunman entered, but they quickly fled. He added that his supervisor was one of the hostages. WDBJ reports on standoff . Crewe said he did not know exactly how many hostages had been in the building. No one was reported hurt, Crewe said. The gunman is disabled, Crewe said, adding that police told him the gunman entered the post office pushing a wheelchair. It was unclear what the purpose of the wheelchair is, Crewe said. There were reports the man had a ""device,"" and it appeared that his car, parked outside the office, was equipped with some type of device as well, Crewe said. He did not elaborate on what the device could be. ""The police authorities have told me they are acting on the assumption there is an explosive device of some kind in some location,"" Crewe said. ""There is a bomb squad, in fact more than one bomb squad on site, but we cannot confirm any explosives."" The surrounding area of downtown Wytheville has been evacuated within a three- to four-block radius, Crewe said. The suspect asked for pizza but made no other demands, U.S. Postal Inspection Service spokesman Peter Rendina said. The gunman's motive was unclear, Crewe said. He had not identified himself but he has told police he has a military background, Crewe said. Police have yet to confirm whether the gunman has military training, Crewe said. Agents with the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were also on scene, Crewe said. Wytheville is a small town in southwestern Virginia in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. It has a population of just over 8,000. CNN's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The case against Joran Van der Sloot, who is suspected of killing a woman in a Peruvian hotel, was headed to the prosecutor's office on Wednesday. Van der Sloot and his new private defense attorney were in court on Tuesday for a preliminary hearing. The hearing was held behind closed doors at the Castro Castro prison outside of Lima. No cameras were allowed. The hearing was postponed last week because Van der Sloot did not have legal representation. Van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the disappearance in Aruba of American teenager Natalee Holloway, who vanished at age 18 while on a graduation trip. He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with her disappearance. He was arrested in May 2010 following the death of Stephany Flores. Formal charges could take up to two months to be filed, depending on the backlog. Once charges are filed against him, a three-judge panel will set the date for a trial to begin. ""For the Van der Sloot case, we may be looking at five to seven sessions for the oral proceedings, one session per week approximately,"" said Giovanna Gismondi, an expert on the Peruvian criminal legal system now teaching international relations at the University of Oklahoma. Last week, Ricardo Flores described the first time he saw the alleged killer of his daughter face to face. ""It was a very tough moment,"" he told CNN June 8 shortly after leaving a courtroom inside the prison, noting that it seemed Van der Sloot was enjoying many privileges. ""I thought I'd see someone skinny ... but no, he was fatter than when he first went to prison."" His daughter was found dead in a Lima hotel room registered to Van der Sloot in May 2010. Police say Van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile, where he was arrested a few days later. Earlier this month, Van der Sloot's defense attorney, Maximo Altez, resigned, citing differences in strategy. In Session's Mayra Cuevas and CNN en Espanol's Patricia Janiot contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Three teens, one a U.S. citizen, were killed in the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez this weekend, a spokesman with the Chihuahua state prosecutor's office said late Monday. The killing was the first case this year of an American student being killed in Juarez, which has been beset recently by violence and is just across the border from El Paso, Texas, spokesman Arturo Sandoval said. The shooting happened at 4:22 p.m. Saturday at a car dealership, where the teens were looking at cars, according to Sandoval. Police recovered at least 18 bullet casings at the scene from an AK-47, an automatic weapon commonly used by drug traffickers in the city. Two of the victims were born in Ciudad Juarez and were identified as Carlos Mario Gonzalez Bermudez, 16, and Cesar Yalin Miramontes Jimenez, also 16, according to Sandoval. The other victim, identified as Juan Carlos Echeverri Jr., 15, was born in El Paso, the prosecutor's spokesman said. The teen's parents identified his body over the weekend and confirmed that he was an American citizen. Virginia Staab, a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department, said Monday that U.S. authorities are actively looking into the incident and had not yet confirmed the citizenship of any of the victims. At least one of the victims attended a Juarez prep school called Tecnolgico de Monterrey, Sandoval said. A message on the website of Cathedral High School in El Paso asked students and families to remember Bermudez and said he was a sophomore. His fellow students had an assembly and prayer service in his honor Monday morning, the El Paso Times reported. ""We believe (Echeverri) and the two others had been friends for a long time. He was here in the city to visit them,"" Sandoval said. The fatal shootings come on the heels of numerous similar violent incidents in recent months in Juarez. In one 48-hour span last week, for instance, at least 14 people were killed -- including a municipal police officer and a newspaper vendor who police believe was targeted due to her job, according to Juarez Police spokesman Adrian Sanchez."
"(CNN) -- Somalia, Myanmar and Afghanistan have the lowest scores on Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index, which measures how people in 178 countries and territories view corruption in their public sectors. On a scale of 0-10, with 10 being ""very clean"" and 0 being ""highly corrupt,"" all three countries score below 1.5. Somalia is the lowest at 1.1, while Myanmar and Afghanistan are tied for second at 1.4. At the other end of the list are Denmark, New Zealand and Singapore, which score the highest at 9.3. The United States, with a score of 7.1, is among the countries viewed as least corrupt. It's tied for 22nd overall with Belgium. But while the U.S. is well ahead of neighbor Mexico (3.1), it seems to have some work to do to catch Canada (8.9). The latest scores were drawn from 13 surveys and assessments published between January 2009 and September 2010 by ""independent and reputable institutions,"" according to Transparency International. It defines corruption as the abuse of entrusted power for private gain. Transparency International is a nongovernmental organization headquartered in Berlin. It acknowledges that corruption, by nature, is often hidden and therefore difficult to quantify, but it says it has found people's perceptions to be a reliable estimate over the long term. Some other noteworthy scores from the index: . ** Because of activist Anna Hazare and his recent hunger strike, corruption has been brought to the forefront in India. The country scored a 3.3 on the most recent index, putting it among the countries viewed as most corrupt. ** Libya (2.2) and Syria (2.5), were also near the top of the perceived corruption list, something that might not be a surprise considering the recent unrest there. Yemen also scored a 2.2. Egypt (3.1) and Tunisia (4.3) scored better, but not by much. Again, it's important to point out that these surveys were conducted well before these two countries' longtime leaders were ousted. More comparisons: Which country has the smallest gender gap? Where is the Internet most popular? Where are the undernourished? Where do people live the longest? Which countries have the most vacation days? Who requires the most education? Who's got the highest (and lowest) unemployment rates?"
"(CNN) -- The two people who died Thursday night when their helicopter crashed into a mountain in the Dominican Republic were friends who had left their homes and family in Florida this week to help deliver aid to the people of Haiti, a son of one of the victims said Friday. The accident occurred about 7 p.m. in Dajabon, just east of the border with Haiti, said Rosani Zapata, a spokeswoman for the Dominican Civil Aviation Institute. The helicopter had filed a flight plan from Santiago to Jimani in the Dominican Republic, then on to Port-au-Prince in Haiti. It was en route back to Santiago when the crash occurred, she said. Aboard were pilot John Ward of Fort Myers, Florida, and James Jalovec, a 53-year-old Naples, Florida, businessman who owned Sweetwater Environmental Inc., a sewage company based in Sebring. Mark Jalovec, 21, told CNN in a telephone interview that his father began discussing the prospect of helping out a couple of days after the January 12 earthquake that devastated Haiti. ""It kind of caught everybody off guard,"" he said, noting that his father had never done anything similar. Still, he said, his father saw a fit. ""I got a helicopter; these people are in desperate need -- he kind of decided it with Mr. Ward that they were going to do it, and that's what they did."" He said his father last called him Monday, after he and Ward had flown doctors from an orphanage outside Port-au-Prince to the Dominican Republic. Spencer Steadman, vice president and general manager of Sweetwater Environmental, described Ward as an experienced pilot who had long flown Jalovec to his business interests, which spanned the state. ""They had an engine failure on one here about three months ago,"" he told CNN in a telephone interview. ""He done a reverse autorotation and set that thing down. No injuries. Four people, they walked away. He was a very good pilot."" The helicopter that crashed Thursday, a Robinson R44, was two weeks old, he said. Steadman said he was not surprised when Jalovec called him Saturday night and said he was planning to depart Sunday morning for a week in the region. ""He seen a need, and it was a challenge, and that's Jim,"" Steadman said. ""He was hard-core business. When he done business, he done business. That's what he liked doing. He was very aggressive. ... If it was worth doing, he'd do it."" The cause of the crash is under investigation."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A man charged with stalking sports reporter Erin Andrews is now accused of making nude videotapes of her in one more city than previously thought, according to court documents filed Wednesday. Michael David Barrett, 48, is accused of surreptitiously videotaping the ESPN reporter through hotel peepholes and posting the videos online. Authorities previously had said they believed most of the videos were made at a Nashville, Tennessee, hotel in September 2008. But the information filed Wednesday alleges that Barrett also taped Andrews through an altered peephole in a hotel room in Columbus, Ohio, in February 2008. Barrett stayed in the hotel room next door to Andrews, the information said. He is charged with interstate stalking, which carries a potential sentence of five years in prison, said Thom Mrozek, spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Central District of California. Barrett was arrested in Illinois, but will make an initial appearance in federal court in Los Angeles on Friday, Mrozek said. He is scheduled to be arraigned on November 23 and will be asked to enter a plea. An Illinois judge last month released Barrett on bail. Barrett waived his right to be indicted by a grand jury, Mrozek said, and authorities on Wednesday filed a criminal information against him in place of an indictment. Investigators found that Barrett reserved a room at a Milwaukee, Wisconsin, hotel where Andrews was staying in July 2008, but did not check in, according to prosecutors and the initial criminal complaint against him last month. The complaint accused him of making seven videos from the surreptitious tapes. In Nashville, the door peephole into Andrews' room was altered with a hacksaw, and the peephole to her room in Milwaukee was altered in a similar way, the criminal complaint said. Authorities believe the videos were taken with a cell phone camera. In addition, the complaint said that Barrett ""traveled from Illinois to Victim Andrews' home state"" in August 2008, but did not specify which state. Barrett allegedly attempted to sell the videos to celebrity gossip site TMZ in January 2009. TMZ did not purchase the images, but employees of the Web site assisted in the investigation by providing information to Andrews' attorneys, authorities said. However, the videos were posted to other Web sites by Barrett, the criminal complaint said, with labels like ""Sexy and hot blonde sports celebrity shows us her all."" Andrews, 31, is a sideline reporter for ESPN, traveling around the country covering college football games. The criminal complaint said she became aware of the videos in July and that their posting has caused her distress, anxiety and trouble sleeping."
"Kampala, Uganda (CNN) -- Uganda's incumbent leader appeared destined Saturday to extend his 25 years in office but as results trickled in, the opposition front-runner charged fraud in the East African nation's presidential election. President Yoweri Museveni, who has led Uganda since a rebel group he was aligned with seized power in 1986, won 71% with a fifth of the votes counted. Challenger Kizza Besigye had 22%. ""There have been widespread malpractices in the electoral process,"" Besigye said. He said voters had been bribed and that ""huge amounts of money"" landed in the hands of polling agents and candidates to pay off electoral officials. ""Local council officials and security agents have been threatening people with war if Museveni does not win this election, and the purpose can only have been to intimidate and threaten the Ugandan people so that they were scared to express their desire for change,"" Besigye, who heads the Inter-Party Cooperation. The government has dismissed the accusations and said the opposition is trying to undermine the election. A new term would give Museveni five more years in power. Final results will be released Sunday. Museveni has already vowed to quash any Egypt-inspired uprisings aimed at toppling entrenched regimes. Ugandans lined up early to cast their ballots amid heavy security in the capital and other areas. Increased security forces in anti-riot gear patrolled the streets of Kampala a day after the elections. Besigye -- who was a former doctor for Museveni -- lost presidential bids in 2001 and 2006. His party said it had anticipated rigging this year, and it plans to conduct its own tally. ""We cannot trust an electoral commission that was appointed by the ruling party. We have to have our own check mechanism,"" said Margaret Wokuri, a spokeswoman for Bisyegi's party. Museveni was once hailed for stabilizing Uganda and helping combat the AIDS epidemic, but has faced mounting criticism over corruption and lack of political transition in the country. Parliament removed presidential term limits in Uganda five years ago, essentially allowing the incumbent to run for office indefinitely. About 14 million people registered to vote in the presidential and parliamentary ballot. There are a total of eight presidential candidates, Wokuri said. Journalist Tom Walsh contributed to this report."
"MOGADISHU, Somalia (CNN)  -- Gunmen attacked a convoy Sunday in Somalia and took several hostages, including two foreign aid workers from the group Doctors Without Borders. Medecins San Frontieres workers, shown here, were abducted and released in March in Sudan. Local staff said a three-car convoy was traveling from Rabbure to Hudur in southwestern Somalia, escorted by local bodyguards, when gunmen seized the group. The district commissioner of Rabbure said the only people released were elders accompanying the staff, with the local and international staff kept as hostages. Doctors Without Borders, widely known by its French name Medecins Sans Frontieres, did not immediately release the identities or nationalities of the hostages. MSF is an international medical group that works in more than 60 countries. It says it helps people ""threatened by violence, neglect, or catastrophe."" Michel Peremans, international coordinator for operational communications for MSF Belgium, which operates in the region, confirmed that the organization had lost contact with two of its staff in Somalia. Rabbure is in the Bakole region, which is under the control of the group al-Shabaab, considered a terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department. Al-Shabaab was once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union, which took over most of southern Somalia in the second half of 2006. The United States says the group is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network, and the U.S. backed an Ethiopian invasion that drove the ICU from power in 2006. The ICU's former leader, Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, became president after Ethiopian troops withdrew in January. Al-Shabaab rejected the peace agreement that led to the Ethiopian withdrawal and is now fighting Sheikh Ahmed's government. Attacks on aid workers in the region are common, and U.N. staff came under attack this year. In Sudan, on the other side of Ethiopia, four workers from Medecins Sans Frontieres were abducted in March and released a few days later. All four -- an Italian doctor, a Canadian nurse, a French coordinator and a Sudanese guard -- worked for the Belgian section of the humanitarian organization Medecins Sans Frontieres. Sudan last month ordered 13 major aid groups to leave the country after the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, accusing him of war crimes and crimes against humanity. CNN's Mohammed Amin and Carol Jordan contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- With the 2010 World Cup being held in South Africa next year CNN takes a look at one of the greatest talents South African football has ever produced, Jomo Sono. Jomo Sono's international career never took off because of South Africa's exclusion from world football. Matsilela Ephraim Sono was born in 1955 in Soweto, but his career as an international player never got off the ground as South Africa were officially expelled by world governing body FIFA in 1976 during the apartheid regime in the country. The Black Prince, as he was known, made his mark as a player of legendary skill who was denied a world stage through circumstances beyond his control. Sono was a midfield general and renowned for his dribbling and accurate passing -- but it is difficult to say how he would have faired against the best players in the world as he was not given the opportunity. Watch CNN's interview with Sono. ""He was one of the first South Africans to play overseas where he played for the New York Cosmos alongside Pele,"" South African football writer Mo Allie told CNN. ""He played at a time when South Africa was internationally isolated so there was no opportunity for players to showcase their skills to the world. ""But he was fortunate in that he got the opportunity to go to the U.S. and he did very well there, playing alongside greats such as Pele."" After accomplishing everything that he set out to do at home club Orlando Pirates, Sono starred for the New York Cosmos, Colorado Caribous and Toronto Blizzard in the United States. On his return to South Africa after his retirement, Sono bought the Highlands Park Club in Johannesburg in 1982 and renamed it Jomo Cosmos in honor of his old team in New York, before becoming coach of the South African national side. ""So many of today's South African players would have heard a lot about Jomo Sono but many wouldn't have seen him in action apart from a few snippets of TV highlights,"" Allie added. ""They will identify more with him as a coach because he led the national side in the 1998 African Cup of Nations and took them to the 2002 World Cup finals."" Sono has proved to be as astute off the pitch as he was on it and has become a successful businessman, owning a number of companies around Johannesburg. And the current South African squad will be looking to carry on his footballing legacy when they attempt to become the first African team to win the World Cup next year."
"(CNN)  -- Thierry Henry could face FIFA disciplinary action over his handball which helped France to qualify for the finals of the 2010 World Cup at the expense of Ireland. FIFA president Sepp Blatter told reporters in Cape Town that the Barcelona striker's ""blatant unfair play"" could land him in hot water. ""The FIFA disciplinary committee will open an investigation ... concerning the behavior of the player Thierry Henry,"" he said. ""It was blatant unfair play and was seen all around the world. I don't know the outcome of the disciplinary committee, let them make the decision. ""Fair play must be maintained in our game."" Blatter was speaking after an extraordinary meeting of the FIFA executive committee, which was convened to consider the refereeing controversy in the France - Ireland match, incidents surrounding the Algeria - Egypt playoff tie and matchfixing in Europe. It had been widely trailed that the FIFA executive would sanction the use of two extra officials behind both goal lines in World Cup. But Blatter said that the finals in South Africa was too soon to introduce the system which has been used in the second-tier European club tournament this year. ""The experiments with the Europa League shall go on into the knockout stages next year but it has been decided, for the World Cup 2010, there is no change in the refereeing: one referee, two assistants and a fourth official."" He went on to say that there would be further investigation into both video technology and additional referees. ""We shall have a look at technology or additional persons and this shall be done by a committee but not the referees committee alone, it will be done by the football, technical and medical committees, too,"" he added. Ireland were denied a place in the finals by a goal that should have been disallowed because Henry used his hand to control the ball before setting up William Gallas to score the aggregate decider in the second leg in the Stade de France. Ireland subsequently launched two appeals, the first for the match to be replayed, the second for them to be added to the line-up for the finals as the 33rd team. Both have been rejected, but Blatter was forced to apologize to the Irish for making public their supposedly private bid to be included as an extra team. Blatter put their request into the public domain in light-hearted comments made in Johannesburg, which left Irish football officials infuriated and insulted. ""I would like to express my regrets for the wrong interpretation of what I said. I regret what I have created and I'm sorry to the Ireland football confederation for these headlines going around the world,"" he said. ""It's a pity I communicated in this way. Sorry again."""
"Lima, Peru (CNN) -- Peru will turn over to Chilean authorities all evidence into allegations that a Peruvian air force officer was spying for the neighboring country, Peruvian President Alan Garcia said Monday. Garcia ordered his foreign minister and justice department to hand over all details of the investigation so Chile could ""give the corresponding explanations,"" he said in a televised address. The alleged spying by Chile, Garcia declared, was the result of fear and an inferiority complex by the Chileans. He added that Peru will not let the incident become a full-blown crisis between the two nations. The suspect, Victor Ariza Mendoza, remained imprisoned at a maximum security facility north of Lima, authorities said. Two other Peruvian air force officers, accused of being collaborators, also were detained, as were two Chilean military officers who were alleged accomplices, CNN en Espaol reported. Mendoza could face charges of treason, which carry a minimum sentence of 25 years. News of the spy case caused Garcia to prematurely end a trip to Singapore for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation. Garcia and his Chilean counterpart, Michelle Bachelet, had planned to attend a workshop Saturday with other world leaders, but the Peruvian leader canceled his agenda to return to Lima. Chile has dismissed the espionage allegations. ""Chile has nothing to do with this case,"" Chilean Foreign Minister Mariano Fernandez told reporters after a meeting with his nation's ambassador to Peru. According to local media, the suspected spy once worked at the Peruvian Embassy in Chile and sold secrets to the Chileans since 2002, CNN en Espaol reported. Chile and Peru have a history of animosity, having fought in the War of the Pacific from 1879 to 1883. Hard feelings linger to this day. The two nations nearly came to war in 1975, when left-wing Peruvian leader Juan Velasco, who was backed by Cuba, wanted to invade Chile, which was led by right-wing Gen. Augusto Pinochet. The invasion was called off, and Velasco was deposed in a coup a short while later. Tensions rose again when Peru discovered a Chilean spy mission, but war was averted. More recently, tensions between the two South American nations flared in December after the revelation that Peru's top army general said at a party that Chileans in Peru would be sent back in coffins or body bags. Both countries said they would work to heal relations after the general's comments. Journalist Gisu Guerra contributed to this report."
"Beijing (CNN) -- Explosions at three government facilities in eastern China Thursday left two people dead, including the alleged perpetrator, the country's state-run Xinhua news agency reported. At least six people were injured in the blasts, which occured within a half hour of each other, local officials told CNN. ""A car bomb went off at 9:18 a.m. in the parking lot of the Fuzhou city prosecutor's office, followed by a blast at 9:20 a.m. at the Linchuan district government building and another car bomb at 9:45 a.m. near the local drug administration building,"" said Zhang Baoyun, a spokesman for the government of Jiangxi province, where Fuzhou is located. One body was found in the district government building and another person died in the hospital, Zhang added. Xinhua, citing police sources, reported that one of the people who died in the blast was the man suspected of setting off the explosives.  The man was identified as Qian Mingqi, 52, an unemployed resident of the area. Earlier, Xinhua said a disgruntled local peasant farmer had set off the bombs because of an ongoing lawsuit. On the Weibo page allegedly belonging to Qian, the bio line reads: ""I am physically and mentally normal, and have no criminal record or history of illegal petitions. When my new house was illegally torn down, it caused me huge financial loss. After a futile ten years of appealing for justice, I am forced to take a path I don't want to."" Weibo, the country's most popular microblogging service, is the Chinese equivalent of Twitter. Photos from the scene show large crowds gathering near one of the blast sites with a thick plume of black smoke in the air. State-run Xinhua news agency quoted eyewitnesses as saying glass windows were shattered at the eight-story prosecutor's office building, while ambulances rushed in and out of the district government compound. Authorities are still investigating the explosions, while the injured -- including three in serious condition -- are at local hospitals, Zhang said. Fuzhou is a city of nearly 4 million residents some 1,600 kilometers (975 miles) south of Beijing. Last September, clashes between residents and officials in Yihuang, a county in Fuzhou, gained national attention. Three residents doused themselves with gasoline and burned themselves to protest the forced demolition of their homes by the local government. One died in the hospital, prompting widespread outrage that eventually forced provincial authorities to sack several local officials. CNN's Helena Hong and Shao Tian contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro is rejoining Juventus after three years at Real Madrid, the Serie A club announced on their Web site on Tuesday. Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro won two Primera Liga titles during his three-year stay at Real Madrid. News of Cannavaro's return comes less than 24 hours after the Turin-based club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara. The 35-year-old Cannavaro was voted world player of the year after leading Italy to World Cup glory in 2006 and has helped Real to achieve two title triumphs during his stay in Spain. Cannavaro was in Italy on Monday for a charity match and told the Juventus Web site: ""I am happy to have returned to Turin and to have the opportunity to wear the black and white jersey again. ""I am sorry that for a section of the fans the anger for having been transferred is greater then the appreciation for the glorious seasons which we lived together. ""I am sure that I can convince the most sceptical through my work, professionalism and the passion with which I will face this new adventure"". Defender Cannavaro won two scudetti with Juventus, in 2005 and 2006, while the side are currently fighting to clinch third place behind champions Inter and their city rivals AC Milan. His one-year contract will come into force as from the start of July and club official Alessio Secco enthused: ""Fabio is a world champion, a golden ball winner and a great team-spirit builder. ""During the Summer of 2006 the club was forced to sell him due to great economic necessities. ""This year we took advantage of the natural expiration of Cannavaro's contract to bring him back to Turin and we are sure that his technical abilities will help Juventus become more competitive"". Cannavaro left Juventus after the club had been relegated to Serie B following the match-fixing allegations that rocked Italian football. He was born in Naples and played for them for three seasons before joining Parma where he won the UEFA Cup and two Italian Cups over a seven year period from 1995. Cannavaro, who has 124 caps for Italy, left Parma to join Inter Milan in 2002 but after only two seasons moved on to Juventus. New coach Ferrara is determined to take Juve straight into next season's Champions League group stage and said on Monday: ""I think the players need to understand that we're in a tight spot. ""They need to rediscover the right motivation to tackle our last two matches with the right attitude. The players need to rediscover their pride and the right motivation."""
"(CNN) -- A judge ordered mediation Thursday for all parties wanting access to videos showing the death of a SeaWorld trainer, court documents say. Florida Circuit Court Judge Lawrence Kirkwood last week granted a temporary injunction against release of the footage, which was captured on February 24 at SeaWorld in Orlando, Florida. It was not immediately clear for how long the injunction would last. Trainer Dawn Brancheau, 40, was interacting with an orca named Tilikum when it grabbed her ponytail and pulled her underwater in front of shocked onlookers at Shamu Stadium. She died of multiple traumatic injuries and drowning, authorities said. Jon Mills, the attorney for Brancheau's family, argued that their right to privacy outweighs other concerns. ""The potential harm to this family is incredibly severe,"" Mills said. ""There is no constitutional right to voyeurism and there is a constitutional right to privacy, and the court is being asked to balance those."" Coverage from CNN affiliate WKMG . Court mediation will weigh privacy concerns against the public's right to know under Florida law. One potential agreement during mediation could allow the parties in the case to view the videos, but not have copies of them, a court document says. Interested parties have until April 5 to request to join the mediation. No date has been set for the mediation. The Orlando Sentinel, The Tampa Tribune, The Lakeland Ledger and WFLA-TV have filed in the case. Parts of last month's incident were captured on two cameras at the park -- one that shows a view from underwater and another from the park's Sky Tower, according to the family's complaint. ""The underwater view does not show Mrs. Brancheau until after she had entered the water. The overhead camera was not aimed at the scene until after the incident had begun,"" the complaint says. ""Significantly, neither camera shows what occurred in the moments prior to and including Mrs. Brancheau being pulled into the water and offer no insight into the cause of this tragic event."" Brancheau's family filed the complaint against the Orange County Sheriff Office and District Nine Medical Examiner's Office, which possess the footage. SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment has joined the lawsuit filed by Brancheau's family. ""This is a video of someone's death,"" Mills said last week. ""There's nothing you can learn from the video other than what a tragic, horrible, traumatic attack it was."" An attorney for the sheriff's office has said it does not take a position about any video release, but it needs to keep copies so that its case file is complete."
"(CNN) -- His shooting spree left at least 10 dead and millions terrified of bullets coming from an unseen sniper. But Mildred Muhammad believes she was the ultimate target of her ex-husband, John Allan Muhammad, the man dubbed the ""D.C. Sniper."" And for some time, Muhammad said she felt extreme guilt for the victims that were gunned down in grocery store parking lots and gas stations. The youngest was a 13-year-old boy who was shot while walking to his Maryland school. Muhammad spoke about the guilt she felt after the killing spree on CNN's ""Larry King Live"" on Monday night, the day before her ex-husband was scheduled to be executed. Muhammad said she has gradually gotten over her guilty feelings and focused on her three children. ""I felt that way initially because I had done everything I knew how to do to bring attention to how dangerous he was to me,"" Muhammad said. ""I had no idea his anger would extend beyond me, to include all people in his killings."" John Muhammad, the mastermind behind the Washington-area sniper attacks of 2002, is scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday evening at a state prison near Jarratt, Virginia. During two lengthy trials -- including one featuring testimony from young accomplice Lee Boyd Malvo -- and in several years of legal appeals, John Muhammad has continued to profess his innocence. Prosecutors say John Muhammad intended the killings to provide a smokescreen to cover up his real goal -- killing his ex-wife Mildred and gaining custody of his three children. Muhammad said she divorced John Muhammad because of abuse and has not visited him since he was in prison. ""I feel that all of my efforts, all of my energy is to help my children through this emotional turmoil that they are going through,"" said Muhammad. ""I don't have an emotional attachment to John."" John Muhammad's other ex-wife, Carol Williams, also talked to King Monday. Williams, John Muhammad's first wife, said she plans to visit him in prison with their son Tuesday before the execution. Williams also brought letters that John Muhammad wrote her from prison. ""Carol, I have missed my family for the past eight years. I don't want to be missed the day that these devils murder my innocent black (expletive),"" John Muhammad wrote in one of the letters. Williams said she was not surprised that John Muhammad still believed he was innocent. ""I'm praying for myself, for my son, and also for the families of the victims,"" Williams said."
"(CNN) -- An archeological team is set to break new ground in its excavation of an Egyptian temple where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony may be buried. An excavation of an Egyptian temple my reveal where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony are buried. A ground-penetrating, radar survey of the temple of Taposiris Magna and its surrounding area, west of Alexandria, was completed in March, following three years of digging, according to a statement from Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities. Taposiris Magna is one of the ancient towns located on Lake Mariut, which is today called Abusir. According to the council, the radar revealed three possible spots of interest where a tomb might be located. Recently, the team discovered a large, previously unknown cemetery outside the temple enclosure. ""The discovery of this cemetery indicates that an important person, likely of royal status, could be buried inside the temple. It was common for officials and other high-status individuals in Egypt to construct their tombs close to those of their rulers throughout the Pharaonic period,"" according to the council. The expedition has so far turned up 27 tombs, 20 of them shaped like vaulted sarcophagi, and seven simple burial chambers that are reached by staircases. Inside these chambers, the team found 10 mummies, two of them gilded. Other discoveries include an alabaster bust of Cleopatra, and 22 coins bearing her ""beautiful"" image, according to council Secretary-General Zahi Hawass. The discovery contradicts some recent reports that describe her as unattractive, he said. ""Among the most interesting finds is a unique mask depicting a man with a cleft chin. The face bears some similarity to known portraits of Mark Antony himself,"" Hawass said. The love story of Antony and Cleopatra has been a favorite theme for writers and filmmakers. The 1963 Oscar-winning movie of the couple starred Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton, who themselves became star-crossed lovers. Cleopatra ruled Egypt between 51 B.C. until her suicide in 30 B.C., following Mark Antony's naval defeat against Caesar's adopted son Octavian at Actium in the Mediterranean. Mark Antony, once a general in Caesar's army, killed himself before Cleopatra took her own life, after being falsely informed that Cleopatra already had died."
"Islamabad (CNN) -- A head-bopping, hip-shaking flurry of drum beats. The soulful screams of a saxophone. The gut-thumping strums of a double bass. And the silky smooth lyrics of Summertime -- the lullaby classic made famous by Ella Fitzgerald -- all under a starlit night. The scene could be straight from an outdoor Jazz festival in New York City. But this is Pakistan -- a country plagued by its reputation for Islamist militancy, corruption and poverty -- and the jazz is courtesy of three New Yorkers and a Texan who make up the Ari Roland Jazz Quartet. The four performed at a 500-seat amphitheater on the outskirts of the capital, Islamabad, in a country American musicians almost never visit because of security concerns and widespread anti-Americanism. The U.S. State Department helped organize the band's visit as part of a cultural exchange program designed to win Pakistani hearts and minds. ""We don't feel like we're in danger,"" said the band's creator and bassist Ari Roland. ""We're thrilled to be here. We feel welcome, so at home."" The band's visit comes at a time when relations between the U.S. and Pakistani governments are strained. Joint Chiefs Chairman repeats Pakistan claim . The partnership hit a new low when U.S. officials accused Pakistan's top spy agency, the Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence or ISI, of harboring extremists and helping insurgents in Afghanistan. Islamabad hit back with it's own tough talk, accusing Washington of using Pakistan as a scapegoat for its failed policy in the region and warning the U.S. might lose Pakistan as an ally if it continues with the public accusations. The Ari Roland Quartet is under no illusion that it can solve the U.S.-Pakistani rift but jazz can help, they said. ""Music has a history of bringing people together from across the world,"" said Roland. But the band acknowledged the hearts and minds America needs to win were probably not among their audience. The concert was invite only, not open to the public. The guests were mostly foreign diplomats, Pakistani politicians and their families -- many educated in the west, people who probably already like America. Even so, the quartet said this was a start. They drew loud cheers when they performed their jazzed up rendition of Dil Dil Pakistan, the country's most patriotic song. More applause came when they joined Pakistani rock band Fuzon for a song called Friendship is Life. Within seconds American and Pakistani musicians were in soulful synchrony. If only U.S.-Pakistani relations were that easy."
"Key West, Fla. (CNN) -- It's been nearly a week since two modern-day pirates walked into the Mel Fisher Maritime Museum in Key West, Florida, and made off with a $550,000 gold bar. Clear video images of the suspects and a reward that's grown to $25,000 haven't yet brought a break in the case. ""This isn't like on television,"" said Melissa Kendrick, executive director of the the museum. ""It doesn't get solved in 22 minutes and a commercial."" Key West Police and the FBI have been working around the clock to solve the mystery, Kendrick said Tuesday. ""We are deeply grateful."" For 25 years, visitors to the museum in Key West, Florida, had the opportunity to lift the glittery piece of treasure in a special display case. No visitors or security guards were in the room the afternoon of August 18 when the gold bar was taken, but a video camera was. ""We're hoping someone will see that footage and help us with a lead,"" said Key West Police spokeswoman Alyson Crean. In the video, one of the two thieves approaches the case, does something and then walks away. While the security guard is out of the room, he comes back, breaks a piece of the case near an opening and removes the bar. He sticks it in his pocket and walks out. ""This is going to end up in somebody's house probably used as a paperweight,"" said Police Chief Donie Lee. ""Other than melting it down, which is the worst-case scenario for everyone."" The bar was recovered by treasure hunter Mel Fisher and his crew in 1980 from the shipwreck of the Santa Margarita, which sank 25 miles west of Key West. The Santa Margarita is the sister ship of the storied galleon Atocha, also worked by Fisher. The ships sank in 1622. The museum's 16.5-karat gold bar weighs 74.85 ounces. The uniqueness of the piece places the bar's value at $550,000, Kendrick said. Fisher, who died in 1998, loved having the bar in a special reach-in case because it allowed visitors to make a connection with the find, she said. An expert in the recovery of art and artifacts said the thieves likely made a huge mistake. The market is small for high-profile items with distinguishing markings. ""We recovered paintings and artifacts that were missing for many years,"" said Robert Wittman, founder of the FBI art crime team and author of ""Priceless."" ""They [thieves] kept them in their closets. They were white elephants. They made no money out of the deals. They were stuck."" CNN's John Zarrella and Phil Gast contributed to this article."
"(CNN)  -- The mayor of Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, is asking Mexican federal authorities not to pull military units out of the region for at least another six months. A Mexican soldier controls traffic at the Mexico-U.S. border customs post in Ciudad Juarez on August 16. A decision on whether to withdraw the troops is expected before September 15. The troops were sent to the city across from El Paso, Texas, in the spring of 2008 to help quell violence involving warring drug cartels. An additional surge of troops was sent this spring. That surge appeared to work at first, cutting the homicide rate in Juarez drastically. But murders in the city spiked over the summer. Figures provided by the city show that in August. more than 300 people were killed, the deadliest month so far this year. In July, 260 died and in June, 220. Those numbers were in stark contrast to 16 homicides in March, 42 in April and 60 in May. The mayor, Jose Reyes Ferriz, attributed the summer spike in violence to wars between cartels over the control of street drug-sale points. The cartels are hiring mostly youths to handle retail drug sales, he said, and that has resulted in most of the murder victims being between the ages of 14 and 25. The mayor said Juarez is not ready for the army's full withdrawal, even though he is aware the troops' presence was meant to be a temporary solution to give the city time to get rid of corrupt police officers, hire new ones and train its new force. ""We have accomplished the part that has to do with strengthening the police, but the city is in a very difficult situation. We are asking part of the army to stay and help us,"" Reyes Ferriz said. In September, 750 newly graduated police cadets are expected to join Ciudad Juarez Police Department, and another 400 in October, bringing the force to a total of about 3,000 officers. According to figures provided by the military, more than 6,000 soldiers are serving in Joint Operation Chihuahua in Juarez, of which 3,600 have been assigned to narco-traffic operations. The rest have been assigned to traffic duties and street patrols. The operation's spokesman, Enrique Torres, said the military is ""evaluating the security situation"" in the city and will be ""implementing a gradual withdrawal."""
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hundreds of people converged on New York's Union Square Friday for the May Day Immigration Rally, calling for workers' rights and a path to citizenship for the country's nearly 12 million undocumented immigrants. New Yorker's support the rights of undocumented workers on Friday at a May Day rally. The annual event, which began in 2006, was organized by the May 1st Coalition for Workers and Immigrants Rights. Similar rallies were scheduled across the nation in Boston, Massachusetts; Detroit, Michigan; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; San Diego, Los Angeles and San Francisco in California, and San Antonio, Texas, according to the group's Web site. Following rally cries from speakers in both English and Spanish, demonstrators braved a rainstorm and marched approximately two miles to New York's Federal Plaza. Among the participants was Saul Linares, who emigrated from El Salvador six years ago and works at a Long Island factory making equipment for the U.S. Army. Linares is particularly concerned about children who are American citizens, yet whose illegal immigrant parents have been deported. ""The children are living alone, sometimes with relatives, at churches or with neighbors,"" he said. Teresa Gutierrez, a co-coordinator of the event, blames current government policy for the United States' immigration woes. She said she believes the Clinton administration's landmark 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA -- which was meant to promote cross-border growth between the United States and Mexico -- actually had exploitive effects on the Mexican population. ""Immigrants came because of NAFTA. They don't risk their lives crossing the border because they want to, but because they have to,"" she said. A smaller anti-illegal immigration rally assembled across the street, organized by the New Yorkers for Immigration Control and Enforcement. Charles Maron, a New York firefighter and husband of a first generation Pakistani, believes illegal immigrants who commit crimes should be deported. ""Someone who comes, teaches their kids the American way, I support that."" Participants in the May Day rally included people from Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. According to Gregory Jesus Luc, who is producing a documentary about the plight of Haitian immigrants, ""It's about awareness, letting media and America know that we are immigrants and we are the backbone of this country."""
"(CNN) -- Organizers of a tennis tournament in Dubai, criticized for banning an Israeli  player, said Tuesday they were trying to protect the woman from anti-Israel protests. Shahar Peer told CNN she learned of her visa ban Saturday, just before her scheduled flight to Dubai. ""The Tournament respects Ms. Shahar Peer as a professional tennis player on the Tour and understands her disappointment,"" the organizers wrote in a statement. ""Ms. Peer personally witnessed protests against her at another tournament in New Zealand only a few weeks ago. ""We do not wish to politicize sports, but we have to be sensitive to recent events in the region and not alienate or put at risk the players and the many tennis fans of different nationalities that we have here."" Peer was scheduled to fly to the United Arab Emirates on Sunday, but was informed on Saturday night by telephone that she would not be granted a visa.  Watch Peer describe her disappointment  . This sparked a response from the Sony Ericsson WTA Tour that it could drop Dubai from the World Tennis Tour calendar. ""I am confident that the Tour will take appropriate actions to ensure that this injustice is not allowed to occur in the future, and that the Tour will make sure I will not be further harmed in the short and long term,"" Peer said in a statement on Tuesday. ""There should be no place for politics or discrimination in professional tennis or indeed any sport."" Peer has experienced a ""tremendous outpouring of support and empathy"" from fans, friends and fellow players, but agrees with the Tour decision to go ahead with this week's Dubai Open. WTA chairman and chief executive officer Larry Scott had said: ""The Sony Ericsson WTA Tour believes very strongly, and has a clear rule and policy, that no host country should deny a player the right to compete at a tournament for which she has qualified by ranking."" Scott noted this is not the first time Dubai has taken this type of action. Last year an Israeli men's doubles team was denied entry while Andy Ram, a member of Israel's Davis Cup team, is scheduled to compete in next week's men's competition. World No. 6 Venus Williams told The New York Times: ""All the players support Shahar. We are all athletes, and we stand for tennis."" On Tuesday in Dubai, Venus rushed to a 6-0 6-1 win over Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova whose Russian compatriot and second seed Dinara Safina suffered a shock exit against Virginie Razzano, of France, 6-2 6-4. Top-seeded Serena Williams came from behind to oust Italian Sara Errani 4-6 6-2 6-0 and Serbian third seed Jelena Jankovic beat Monica Niculescu of Romania 6-3 6-2 in an earlier second round encounter."
"Washington (CNN) -- Six days before the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, German Chancellor Angela Merkel addressed a joint meeting of Congress on Tuesday and challenged U.S. lawmakers to tear down other walls. ""Today's generation needs to prove that it can meet the challenges of the 21st century. In a sense, we are able to tear down walls of today,"" she said. What that means, Merkel said, is ""creating freedom and security, creating prosperity and justice. And it means protecting our planet."" Merkel, the first German chancellor to address a joint meeting of Congress, emphasized the need for an agreement on global warming. ""Icebergs are melting in the Arctic. In Africa, people become refugees because their environment has been destroyed,"" she said. ""We need an agreement on one objective: Global warming must not exceed 2 degrees Celsius."" She said she hopes that agreement will be reached at a the climate conference in Copenhagen, Denmark, next month. Merkel also touched on the global financial crisis, saying that the ""near collapse of the markets has shown what happens when there is no underpinning order."" ""A globalized economy needs a global order ... a global framework of rules,"" she said. ""Without global rules and transparency and supervision, we will not gain more freedom, but rather risk the abuse of freedom and thus risk instability."" Merkel also recalled her years in East Germany before the wall fell. The United States, ""the land of unlimited opportunity was for me, for a long time, impossible to reach,"" she said. ""The wall, barbed wire and the order to shoot at those who tried to leave limited my access to the free world,"" she said. Merkel said she and her countrymen owed the United States for its friendship and support. ""To put it in just one sentence, I know, we Germans know, how much we owe to you, our American friends, and I personally shall never ever forget this,"" she said. Earlier, President Obama welcomed Merkel and thanked her for her country's ""sacrifice"" in Afghanistan. He also called her a leader on the issue of climate change. He said her opportunity to speak to the joint meeting of Congress was a ""great honor."" ""It is, I think, a very appropriate honor that's been bestowed on Chancellor Merkel,"" he said. In 1957, German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer addressed the House and Senate separately, Merkel said."
"New York (CNN) -- AT&T apologized to a customer Thursday after one of its agents left a message on a customer's voicemail warning him that he would receive a cease-and-desist letter after the customer e-mailed AT&T's CEO directly about some complaints. Giorgio Galante, an AT&T customer and iPhone owner since 2008 from Buffalo, New York, told CNN that he was dissatisfied with the company's handling of questions surrounding his iPhone upgrade eligibility dates.  He was also displeased with the recent news of AT&T's pricing plan restructuring, which, among other things, will end unlimited data plans. He decided to e-mail CEO Randall Stephenson directly about his issues . ""Please don't have one of your $12/hour 'Executive Relations' college students call me -- I've found them to be generally poorly informed (Engadget.com readers know more than they do about AT&T) and they have little authority to do anything sensible,"" reads a portion of Galante's e-mail to  Stephenson.  He posted this e-mail, along with the offending voicemail, on his blog, ""So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish,"" which he began Wednesday after receiving the message. ""After I sent the e-mail out [last week], on Wednesday I got that nasty gram back in the form of a voicemail,"" Galante told CNN. The message, left by an employee at the company's Executive Response Team, warns Galante that if he continues to e-mail the CEO, ""a cease-and-desist letter may be sent to you."" AT&T told CNN on Thursday in a statement about the incident, ""We are apologizing to our customer. We're working with him today to address his questions and concerns. This is not the way we want to treat customers. From Facebook to significant customer service channels, AT&T strives to provide our customers with easy ways to have their questions addressed."" Galante said he wasn't necessarily expecting a response from Stephenson, but he felt that he was at least providing customer feedback to the CEO.  He said that he accepted AT&T's apology but wondered why Stephenson was so ""out of touch"" and wished he had received a phone call directly from the CEO. Galante said he received a personal phone call from a senior vice president at the company. He said the executive was ""extremely apologetic"" and asked whether there was anything she could do to keep him as a customer.  No such luck for AT&T, as Galante is switching to Sprint's new HTC Evo phone immediately. CNN's Amy Sahba contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- Pennsylvania police have arrested a woman who authorities say fled Washington state 11 years ago with her two sons against a court order instructing her to return them to their father, police said. Jill Haugen was arrested at her home in Milton, Pennsylvania, on Tuesday, days after she had contacted police saying she didn't want to take care of her sons any longer, Milton Police Chief Craig Lutcher told CNN. Police in Spokane, Washington, said a felony warrant for first-degree custodial interference was issued for her in 1998. The Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, district attorney's office said she has been charged with being a fugitive from justice and is awaiting an extradition hearing. It was not immediately clear if she had retained legal representation. Police made two trips to her house after her Saturday phone call, Lutcher said, and the sons, now ages 15 and 16, were placed into foster care after the second visit, on Sunday. A caseworker discovered through an Internet search that there was a warrant from Washington state for Haugen's arrest and told police, Lutcher said. Police said Haugen had provided them with two different names on two different occasions. Haugen, who was known as Jill Connington when she was married to Bill Connington, did not win primary custody of the couple's children in 1998 after the two had divorced, police in Spokane said. ""They were with her on a visitation and she never brought them back,"" Spokane police Lt. Dave McGovern said. When she disappeared, according to police, the felony warrant for first-degree custodial interference was issued for her, police said. Bill Connington told CNN that he was a ""little overwhelmed with everything."" ""I've had thoughts of possibly never seeing [his sons] again but never gave up hope I would,"" he said. He said he was speaking with caseworkers about getting the teenagers to Washington. As she was escorted by police, Haugen told media she was a domestic abuse survivor and that her two sons were sexual abuse survivors. It was not immediately clear against whom she was leveling the sexual abuse accusations. ""We've been in this state since 2000,"" she said. ""We are legal residents."" McGovern said a sexual abuse allegation was filed in 1995 on behalf of the children, but authorities were not able to substantiate anything from it. Asked about the abuse, Connington denied any wrongdoing and said he had offered during the custody hearings to do whatever he needed to prove his innocence. CNN's Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report."
"NEW YORK (CNN)  -- The wife of accused swindler Bernard Madoff pulled $15.5 million out of a Madoff-related brokerage firm in Massachusetts in the weeks before his arrest, authorities there disclosed Wednesday. Bernard Madoff is under 24-hour house arrest in his Upper East Side luxury apartment. The withdrawals by Ruth Madoff took place in November and December, according to a complaint filed by state regulators against Cohmad Securities, a firm they said was ""intertwined"" with Madoff's New York-based company. The regulators say Cohmad has refused to provide information about its ties to Madoff, who is accused of running a Ponzi scheme that may have cost investors up to $50 billion. Daily wire transaction reports show Cohmad was aware of transfers to and from Madoff-related accounts, the filing states. ""For example, the few reports produced by Cohmad show that Ruth Madoff withdrew $5.5 million on November 25, 2008 and withdrew $10 million on December 10, 2008,"" investigators said. Bernard Madoff, 70, was arrested December 11 and is currently under house arrest in his Manhattan luxury apartment. He faces one charge of securities fraud in connection with an international scheme that has cost some investors their life savings and could face up to 20 years in prison and a $5 million fine if convicted. In January, prosecutors tried to revoke his $10 million bail after he mailed more than $1 million worth of diamond-studded jewelry to friends and family, a move they said showed he was trying to move assets out of government hands. But a judge ruled Madoff was neither a danger to the community nor a flight risk. Prosecutors and Madoff's lawyers have agreed for a second time to push back the deadline for an indictment or probable cause hearing for the former investor, sources close to the case said Wednesday. The previous deadline of Wednesday -- which was itself a delay -- has now been moved back another 30 days. Madoff and the Securities and Exchange Commission already have agreed to a partial civil judgment against the disgraced investment manager, one that could eventually force him to pay fines and return investors' money. Under the terms of the deal, Madoff will keep a previously reached agreement to freeze his assets and not to violate any other securities laws, but it does not require him to admit or deny any allegations. CNN's Allan Chernoff and Amy Sahba contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Tiger Woods' former coach Butch Harmon has revealed his fears for the former world No. 1's future, after injury forced the American out of the opening round of the Players Championship at Sawgrass on Thursday. Harmon believes a huge question mark now looms over Woods' career after the 14-time major winner forfeited his round after playing just nine holes in a six-over-par total of 42, which included a triple-bogey at the par-four fourth. ""I think his whole future is up in the air,"" Harmon told reporters. ""Does it mean he needs more surgery? If he does who knows what is going to happen."" Speaking to reporters after pulling out, Woods added: ""I felt good this morning and fine during warm-up and then as I played, it got progressively worse. The knee acted up then the Achilles followed after that, then the calf started cramping up."" The 35-year-old's career has been marred by four knee operations and the Players Championship was his first tournament since injuring his knee and Achilles heel during a difficult stroke on the 14th in the third round of The Masters in April. Woods was then forced to withdraw from the Wells Fargo Championship earlier in May and his latest injury has compounded worries for his career, which has not seen a victory in 18 months and a major title win in three years. Woods' withdrawal mirrors his showing at last year's Players Championship, where a neck injury brought an end to his bid on the seventh hole in the final round. He now has just over a month to get fit enough for the U.S. Open, but medical experts are doubtful that he will be able to recuperate in time for the required practice rounds ahead of the championship tournament at Bethesda on June 16-19. Meanwhile, England's Chris Wood mastered tricky conditions to open up a three-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Iberdrola Open in Majorca on Friday. The 23-year-old carded a five-under-par 65 to move to eight-under-par after 36 holes -- ahead of compatriot Matthew Nixon and Northern Irishman Darren Clarke, who both hit level 70s. Wood is eyeing his maiden European Tour victory after losing a playoff to British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen at the Africa Open in East London in January. Overnight leader Gregory Bourdy of France, who set a course record 63 on Thursday, slumped to a seven-over-par 77 to leave him on level par 140."
"(CNN) -- Heightening its warnings as anticipated anti-government protests approach, Iran's government says it will arrest protesters and hold them until April if they disrupt state-sanctioned marches to commemorate the overthrow of the Shah of Iran. Iran is this week celebrating the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, culminating on February 11 -- a day that marked the end of the country's Western-backed monarchy and the start of an Islamic republic. A coalition of Iranian reformist groups is urging opponents of the regime to stage non-violent protests on Thursday, on the official anniversary of the Shah's ouster. The so-called Green Movement has been protesting for social justice, freedom and democracy in demonstrations throughout the country since the disputed June president election. Those arrested for causing ""instability,"" disrupting public order and carrying ""extremist signs"" linked to the Green Movement will be jailed until at least April 9, the end of the Persian holiday, of Norooz, according to government-run Fars news agency. The holiday marks the start of spring. ""Given the security plans that the police have taken into consideration for tomorrow's glorious marches; these ceremonies will be held in complete security and calm,"" Fars quoted an unidentified, informed source as saying Wednesday. ""But if some try to misuse the vast participation and presence of the people; the police will deal with them firmly and resolutely."" Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote, which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi. Police arrested 4,000 people in the post-election crackdown. At least seven people were killed and hundreds were arrested, witnesses said, as they took to the streets of December 27 during the Shiite Muslim holy period of Ashura. The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence. On Tuesday, an Iranian court sentenced one person to death and eight others to prison for their parts in anti-government demonstrations in December, the semi-official Fars news agency reported. The nine defendants were tried last week over their roles in protests during Ashura, Fars said, quoting the Tehran judiciary's public relations office. There are now 10 people sentenced to death and awaiting appeal in connection with the protests. Two men have been executed for participating in anti-government demonstrations, but a lawyer for one of them told CNN her client was already in jail when the protests broke out."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN)  -- Pakistani forces in the last month foiled a planned attack on the parliament building, the intelligence agency and other federal institutions, the country's interior minister told CNN Sunday. Pakistan's parliament building was one target of a planned attack, an official says. In the last four weeks, authorities arrested three men with suicide vests who were plotting to carry out the attacks, said Interior Minister Rehman Malik. Malik would not say exactly when the men were caught. Pakistan is in the midst of an intense military offensive against Taliban militants. The militants are suspected of launching attacks inside Pakistan and in neighboring Afghanistan from their haven in the mountainous tribal region along the northwestern border. On Sunday, a suicide bomber in volatile northwestern Pakistan killed at three people and wounded 15 others, police said. The bombing rocked the Pakistani city of Peshawar, capital of North West Frontier Province. The incident took place when police approached a man acting suspiciously. The man ran away, police chased him and a gunfight ensued. The man ran out of bullets and blew himself up. Two women and seven children were among the injured. Remains of the alleged attacker were found, police said. Five houses were destroyed. The incident follows a car bombing on Saturday in Peshawar that killed two people, including the spokesman for an extremist group called Ansar ul Islam. Two suspects are in custody. Malik said Sunday the government's anti-Taliban operations will continue during Ramadan, the Muslim holy month considered to be a time of peace. Militants in North Waziristan, part of the tribal region, have said they will observe a unilateral ceasefire throughout the month. ""There will not be a ceasefire during Ramadan. We are not interested in a ceasefire,"" Malik said. ""They haven't kept their commitment in the past. We will continue targeted actions against the Taliban."" Malik also said the Taliban killed the father-in-law of its leader Baitullah Mehsud and several other relatives, accusing them of leaking information about his whereabouts. Pakistan and U.S. officials contend Mehsud was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan at his father-in-law's house. The Taliban claims Mehsud is alive but ill."
"SAN FRANCISCO, California (CNN)  -- A wildfire threatened to decimate historic Angel Island, the largest in the San Francisco Bay, and a Marin County fire official warned it could take up to four days contain the blaze. At 9:15 p.m. Sunday the fire was burning only on the southeast side of the island. The fire, which began about 9 p.m. Sunday, had consumed about 250 acres of vegetation near the top of Mount Livermore's 788-foot peak, Battalion Chief Mike Giannini said Monday. iReporter Bob Austrian, 45, of Tiburon, said he could see the blaze from his home about 4 or 5 miles from the island. He noticed the blaze at 9:15 p.m. Sunday. It ""started as a little red glow"" on the southeast side of the island and worked its way over the top and around the side of Mount Livermore, he said early Monday morning.  Watch the island burn  . ""It's still ripping right now,"" Austrian said at 5 a.m., noting that the blaze posed ""quite a spectacle"" with the town of Belvedere in the foreground and the Bay Bridge that connects Oakland and San Francisco serving as a backdrop. Fire crews and equipment were being ferried to the island to battle the blaze, Giannini said. About 200 firefighters were already involved in the effort or en route, he said. None of the blaze is contained, and Giannini said he expects the firefighting effort to last for three to four more days. Austrian, who has visited the island at least a dozen times, said he's concerned that firefighters won't be able to douse the blaze. The island is mostly vegetation with a few historic buildings, foot trails and access roads. iReport.com: See, share images of the blaze . Even with the necessary manpower and firefighting resources, he said, it will be difficult to reach the actual blaze. ""It's just the saddest thing because there's no way to stop it,"" Austrian said. Fire officials said earlier that all of the park workers and campers on the island were safe. Angel Island -- a hilly grass- and forest-covered island -- is the largest in San Francisco Bay. The island was used as a quarantine station for immigrants suspected of carrying diseases starting in the late 19th century. It's now a place for hiking, biking, camping and boating."
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- Mexican federal police have arrested a fugitive on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list, Mexican authorities said. Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco allegedly murdered his girlfriend and her two young sons. Jorge Alberto Lopez Orozco is wanted in Elmore County, Idaho, on charges that he shot and killed three people, the FBI said. The charred remains of a woman and her sons, ages 2 and 4, were found inside a burned-out vehicle on August 11, 2002, it said. Each victim had been shot in the head or chest. The FBI was still working Friday to confirm the identity of the man in custody, said Debbie Dujanovic, a spokeswoman in the agency's Salt Lake City, Utah, field office. The Salt Lake City office has jurisdiction in the case. An extradition order was issued in January 2007, the Mexican attorney general's office said in a news release Thursday. A reward of up to $100,000 was being offered, the FBI said. Lopez, 33, was captured in Zihuatanejo, a city northwest of Acapulco on the Pacific Coast in southern Mexico, the Mexican attorney general's office said. Zihuatanejo is in Guerrero state, but Lopez was transferred to a jail in neighboring Michoacan state, officials said. The arrest came about after investigation and intelligence work by Mexican authorities, the attorney general's office said. According to the FBI, Lopez abducted his girlfriend, Rebecca Ramirez, and her two young sons from her father's house in Nyssa, Oregon, on July 30, 2002. The car he had been driving was found nearly two weeks later on a rural road near Mountain Home, Idaho, officials said. It had been torched with the three bodies inside. The suspect's brother, Simon Lopez Orozco, and Simon's wife, Maria Cruz Garcia, have been charged with accessory to first-degree murder, the FBI said. Garcia was arrested in California three years ago, but Simon Lopez Orozco is believed still at large. Mexican officials captured another FBI Top 10 fugitive on July 17. Emigdio Preciado Jr. was wanted in connection with the shooting of two Los Angeles County, California, sheriff's deputies in September 2000. He had been charged with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution, attempted murder of a police officer.
"(CNN) -- So, let's say you're flying into town for the beginning of your trial and you're running a little late. What do you do? A. Call the Court. Or, . B. Ask your twin brother to go to court and pretend he is you. It doesn't appear to be a difficult question, but in Clearwater, Florida, one defendant made the wrong choice, and two brothers are now in jail. According to court officials, 40-year-old Matthew Mauceri was due in court Tuesday morning for the beginning of his trial on scheming-to-defraud charges. But, court officials said, he was flying in from out of town and when he realized he wasn't going to make it on time, he called his twin brother, Marcus, for help. So, Marcus Mauceri showed up in the courtroom of Judge Joseph Bulone, with Marcus claiming he was Matthew, according to the officials. It was Matthew Mauceri's defense attorney who judged that something was amiss, court officials said, and he alerted Bulone. In the judge's chambers, defense attorney James Thomas told Bulone he had represented both brothers previously, and that the right brother might not be present in court. Bulone put Marcus Mauceri under oath, and according to court transcripts, Marcus swore that he was Matthew. The judge launched a quick investigation. ""One of our fingerprint technicians was called by the judge to do a print comparison,"" said Sgt. Tom Nestor of the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office. ""They made a comparison and said, 'No, this is not Matthew,'"" Nestor said. Bulone then appointed a public defender for Marcus and, according to a court transcript, declared, ""I'm just going to find that by Marcus pretending to be Matthew ... that perpetrates a fraud upon the court."" Marcus Mauceri was charged with criminal contempt and sentenced to 179 days in jail. Marcus told the judge he would appeal, and that he would hire his own attorney. ""As usual, perpetrators of crimes don't usually think the consequences through, and as is often the case, it doesn't work out for them,"" court spokesman Ron Stuart said. Later, Matthew Mauceri appeared and was cited for failure to appear and contempt of court. His $100,000 bond from his original case was revoked. Court officials said the twins were remanded to the county jail -- in separate cells."
"(CNN) -- The men's U.S. Open final between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic will be played on Monday after officials made the decision to call off the match due to persistent rain in New York on Sunday. The final was due to start at 4.30pm local time but U.S. Open officials took the decision to postpone the match at 6.20pm, with the rain at Flushing Meadows showing no sign of stopping. ""Due to the continued uncertainty of the weather forecast and to be fair to the players and not inconvenience our on-site fans any longer, we regrettably have to move the US Open Men's Singles Final, "" a statement on the official U.S. Open website read. It will be the third year in a row that the final grand slam of the year has ran into an extra day because of bad weather, re igniting debate over whether a roof should be built over the Arthur Ashe court like those in use at the Australian Open and Wimbledon. The women's doubles champions will also be decided on Monday, with Lizel Huber and Nadia Petrova leading Vania King and Yaroslavl Shvedova  5-4 in the final set. The doubles match is scheduled for 3pm local time, with the men's final to follow not before 4pm. For world number one Nadal it will be his first U.S. Open final, having already won the other three grand slam tournaments. Should he win the Spaniard would not only achieve the career grand slam but would become the first man since Australia's Rod Laver in 1969 to win the French, Wimbledon and U.S. slams back to back. Meanwhile, third-ranked Djokovic will be contesting the New York final for the second time in his career after beating six-time champion Roger Federer in a five-set semifinal on Saturday. Informed that rain was forecast for Sunday by reporters in his press conference, the Serbian was relieved that he might be given some extra rest time after his exertions over Federer. ""I will have to do a lot of recovery, because it's been exhausting match. I have to be ready in less than 20 hours,"" he told the U.S. Open website. ""I don't know the rituals of how to invite the rain, but an extra day would be great, actually."""
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- British new wave ska legends The Specials rounded off the Brixton leg of their 30th anniversary tour with an electric performance that threatened to bring the crumbling south London venue crashing to the ground. The frenzied crowd at London's Brixton Academy . The six-piece 2-tone outfit originally from the English Midlands played a total of five dates at what is now the O2 Academy, such was the phenomenal demand for tickets. It's no surprise really. From the rarefied perspective of the VIP bar, the sea of bobbing heads and mobile phone displays (which seem to have replaced cigarette lighters) created a fantastic spectacle. But down among the rude boys and rude girls the carnival atmosphere seemed to ratchet up a notch with each song. Balding, sweaty 40-something men in Fred Perry polo shirts were transported back to the late 1970s as they bounced around unselfconsciously, while post-Margaret Thatcher indie kids sloshed their pints in the air and enjoyed this unique experience for the first time. No one was standing with their arms folded here. Despite songwriter Jerry Dammers' continued absence and Lynval Golding's lost voice, the band was as tight as it ever was, both musically and personally. As soon as the curtain rose the band wasted little time plugging into the hysteria that greeted them. If ""Do The Dog"" appeared to hit the spot, then tracks such as ""Too Much Too Young,"" and ""Gangsters"" literally had the earth moving in this imposing old theatre. Terry Hall, showing no sign of fatigue after a recent throat infection and the band's homecoming gig in Coventry the previous night, was in a chirpy mood. The Manchester United fan enjoyed reminding the London audience about his team's league success that afternoon. Meanwhile, the irrepressible Neville Staple seemed to galvanize the rest of the band with his seemingly limitless energy -- he must have spent the entire gig running on the spot. The dapper singer has aged well and was clearly reveling in the band's return to the spotlight. Despite only reforming recently, The Specials have rediscovered their mojo. They possess the kind of stage presence reserved for the truly great acts, while their lyrics still resonate today. ""Ghost Town"" encapsulated the gritty reality of Britain's urban landscape in 1981, and few in the audience would have argued that it remains a relevant portrait in today's troubled economic times."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- In the wake of a highly publicized chimpanzee attack, the U.S. House made its first official move to ban humans from owning primates as pets. Travis, seen here as a younger chimp, was fatally shot by police after attacking a woman, authorities say. The House overwhelmingly voted in favor of passing the Captive Primate Safety Act on Tuesday, which prohibits people from buying or transporting primates across state lines to keep as pets. This legislation amended the Lacey Act, which had only applied to wildlife and fish. The Humane Society of the United States applauded the bill, which passed by a vote of 323 to 95. ""There is no reason for any private citizen to keep a primate as a pet, and this trade is driven by unscrupulous dealers who sell primates across state lines for thousands of dollars,"" said Wayne Pacelle, president and CEO of the HSUS. Last week, Charla Nash, 55, was left with severe trauma to her face, scalp and hands after her neighbor's pet chimpanzee, Travis, mauled her in Stamford, Connecticut. Police shot Travis to halt the attack, and he later died of gunshot wounds. Nash was brought to the famed Cleveland Clinic, where the nation's first face transplant was performed. Doctors there are contemplating whether to offer her a similar procedure. The bill was introduced by U.S. Reps. Earl Blumenauer, D-Oregon, and Mark Kirk, R-Illinois, who said it would protect animals and humans from similar attacks. ""As the tragic attack in Connecticut shows us, The Captive Primate Safety Act is necessary, common-sense legislation for the welfare of humans and animals,"" Blumenauer said. ""Make no mistake, this bill will protect communities and ensure the humane treatment of these animals."" ""It is inhumane to cage primates in private homes. Besides the animal cruelty concerns, the interstate movement of pet primates creates serious public health and safety risks. The Captive Primate Safety Act takes important steps to address these concerns,"" Kirk said. As cute as they can be, primates can inflict serious injuries and spread life-threatening disease, according to the Humane Society. The average pet owner cannot provide for their basic social and physical needs in captivity, says the organization, which estimates 15,000 monkeys and other primates are living as either pets or in private zoos. ""As infants, they are fascinating,"" said Beth Preiss, who directs the organization's Exotic Pet Campaign. ""But they grow up and become dangerous to manage."" The bill moves now to the Senate, where Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California and Republican Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana will lead the effort to pass the legislation. CNN's Lauren Kornreich contributed to this report."
"BETHLEHEM, West Bank (CNN) -- Hundreds of Christians packed the Church of the Nativity on Thursday for a midnight Mass in what is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ. A worshipper touches a star at the point where tradition says Jesus Christ was born in the Church of Nativity. The standing-room-only service included singing and organ music. There were also large crowds outside the church, one of the most sacred places in Christianity. So many people had flocked to the area this Christmas season that there were no rooms left at the inns and hotels in Bethlehem. Some took this as a sign that tourism in Bethlehem was on the upswing. Christmas is the one time of year when the West Bank's small, shrinking Christian communities show everyone else that they are still there. Before the midnight Mass, Palestinian scout groups representing Christians throughout the West Bank did as they always do on this day -- they marched, banging their drums loudly and, in a way, trying to make a point.  Watch Bethlehem's Christmas celebrations  . The drumbeat has been heard by more and more people, locals say, as tourism has skyrocketed this year. ""This year, tourism is much better than last year -- we reached 1,250,000,"" said Victor Batarseh, the mayor of Bethlehem. ""All our hotels are full around Christmastime. We have 30,000 tourists coming in."" Tourists in record numbers were on hand this year, braving an unusually cold, gray and windy day to watch the parade of drums and holiday songs. ""It's kind of neat to see it in the Middle East, and they're playing Christmas carols and the songs we know,"" said one American tourist. ""I'm loving it, it's just been an incredible atmosphere and just a wonderful learning experience,"" said another. The Latin Patriarch in Jerusalem also came to the birthplace of Jesus, as he does every Christmas Eve, allowed through normally tightly shut gates by Israeli troops. The heavy security is a testament to ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. ""My Christmas wish is that we will have real peace, based on justice and freedom,"" said Mustafa Barghouti, a Palestinian parliament member. ""My Christmas wish is that the justice that Jesus Christ gave his life for will happen sometime in his birthplace in Palestine."" CNN's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Giant jellyfish descend on the Sea of Japan, causing untold devastation to coastal villages and leaving a trail of destruction and human misery behind. A diver attaches a sensor to a Nomura's jellyfish off the coast of northern Japan in October 2005. Sounds like a great sci-fi flick. But it's not. It's real and a nightmare for Japanese fishermen. The massive sea creatures, called Nomura's jellyfish, can grow 6 feet (1.83 meters) in diameter and weigh more than 450 pounds (204 kilos). Scientists think they originate in the Yellow Sea and in Chinese waters. For the third year since 2005, ocean currents are transporting them into the Sea of Japan. Monty Graham, a marine biologist at Alabama's Dauphin Island Sea Lab, said the jellyfish grow to an enormous size as they are transported by ocean currents. He said they stay together in packs and as they drift northward, they get caught in fishermen's nets. The giant jellyfish are one of about 200 species of coastal jellyfish or large jellyfish that exist around the world. But Nomura's stands out because of its enormous size. ""The sheer size of them, individually, makes them fairly spectacular,"" Graham said. Spectacular, perhaps, to scientists, but perilous to villagers along the Japanese coast who have seen the destructive habits of these colossal creatures in the past. They had giant-jellyfish invasions in 2005 and 2007, and because they've recently been spotted in the Sea of Japan, they're bracing for another, potentially harmful wave this summer. The jellyfish destroy fishermen's nets, getting trapped in them, tearing holes and ruining catches. Fishermen often use expensive mazelike nets that stretch for hundreds of kilometers. When swarms of giant jellyfish tear them, the result is devastating. ""Communities of fishermen and these fishing villages own these nets,"" Graham said. ""When these nets get wiped out, it actually has this economic devastation for an entire community."" The good news is that previous attacks have prompted Japan to put in place a warning system for fishermen. While they still risk losing a big catch, they can, at least, save their pricey nets from the invasion of the giant jellyfish. It's not clear why waves of Nomura's jellyfish have made it to the Sea of Japan in recent years. Some have speculated that overfishing, pollution or rising ocean temperatures may have depleted the kinds of fish that prey on Nomura's jellyfish in the polyp stage. However, no one is certain, Graham said."
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Some of Zimbabwe's children are ""wasting away"" as political turmoil and economic crisis have caused a severe food shortage, according to a report from Save the Children. Children sleep in rough conditions on the border between Zimbabwe and South Africa. The number of acute child malnutrition cases has risen by almost two-thirds in the past year, the report from the UK-based agency said in its appeal to world donors for help. ""There is no excuse for failing to provide this food,"" program director Lynn Walker said. ""The innocent people of Zimbabwe should not be made to suffer for a political situation that is out of their control."" Five million Zimbabweans -- out of a population of about 12 million -- are in need of food aid now, the report said. The group is appealing for 18,000 tons of food for next month. ""We have already been forced to reduce the rations of emergency food we are delivering because there isn't enough to go around,"" the report said. ""If, as we fear, the food aid pipeline into Zimbabwe begins to fail in the new year the millions of people who rely on emergency food aid will suffer."" Zimbabwe is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since its independence from Great Britain 28 years ago. There is an acute shortage of all essentials such as cash, fuel, medical drugs, electricity and food. President Robert Mugabe blames the crisis on the sanctions imposed on him and his cronies by the West for allegedly disregarding human rights. But Mugabe's critics attribute the crisis to his economic policies. As the economy has faltered for almost a decade now, a cholera epidemic is raging, fueled by the collapse of health, sanitation and water services in Zimbabwe. The epidemic has claimed more than 1,100 lives and infected more than 20,000 people since its outbreak in August. Health experts have warned that the water-borne disease could infect more than 60,000 unless its spread is halted. The political crisis rose to a boil in this year when the opposition party claimed that it won the presidential election, but Mugabe's government refused to recognize the result. Instead, the race was thrown to a runoff, which was boycotted by the opposition. Mugabe signed an agreement with the opposition in September to form a unity government, but a bitter dispute over the division of cabinet seats has prevented its formation. Inflation is so severe that the government was forced to print $10 billion currency notes last week, with each expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread."
"(CNN)  -- Juventus missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a last-gasp 1-1 draw by Bologna on Sunday. David Trezeguet celebrates his goal but Juventus were eventually held to a 1-1 draw by Bologna. An equalizer by Brazilian Adailton in injury time earned the visitors a late point after David Trezegeut had given Juve a 25th-minute lead. The French striker profited after Jonathon Zebina's charge into the box which saw his shot come back off Bologna goalkeeper Emiliano Viviano and fall into his path. Diego then set up Trezeguet for a chance which flew just wide. Juve had been on top in the first half but after the break home keeper Gianluigi Buffon was called into action on several occasions. He saved a Giacomo Tedesco shot and Adailton put the rebound over the bar, but three minutes into added time saw Tedesco send a high cross into the box and Adailton volleyed home. ""It's a missed opportunity,"" Juve coach Ciro Ferrara told reporters. ""We have been naive."" ""When they equalized we had no-one defending, we have given them too much freedom. ""We tried to attack in order to kill the game and that gave them a chance to hit back."" Sampdoria head Juventus by one point with 15 points from six games after their 1-0 win over champions Inter Milan on Saturday. Inter are on 13 points with Fiorentina, who beat Livorno 1-0 in Saturday's late game. In other action on Sunday, AC Milan continued their disappointing start to the season with a 0-0 home draw against Bari. Out of sorts Brazilian ace Ronaldinho missed their best chance when he blazed a first half rebound over the bar. The draw left them in 11th place, seven points adrift of Sampdoria. AS Roma needed an injury-time equalizer from Daniele De Rossi to earn a 1-1 draw away to Catania. Takayuki Morimoto gave the home side the lead in the 22nd minute, with Italian international De Rossi leveling in a goalmouth scramble. Serie A's top scorer Antonio Di Natale continued his fine run as he converted in Udinese's 2-0 win over Genoa while Atalanta are off the bottom with a 1-1 draw at Chievo."
"(CNN) -- Bosnian striker Edin Dzeko finally broke his English Premier League duck for Manchester City, as his goal helped Roberto Mancini's side to a 1-0 victory at Blackburn Rovers. Dzeko moved to City from German club Wolfsburg in January for a fee reported to be in the region of $44.5 million but had gone nine league games without scoring before the trip to Ewood Park. His close range 75th minute winner saw City pull four points clear of Tottenham in the fourth qualification slot for the lucrative Champions League tournament, while Rovers slipped deeper into relegation trouble. Manager Steve Kean's side are now just one point above the drop zone, and have now gone ten games without a win. After the game Dzeko told Sky Sports: ""I'm very happy that this goal helped my team to win the game. Maybe this was one of the most important goals in the last month. I think it is a new beginning for me at City."" City dominated the first half, with Spain international David Silva hitting the post with only three minutes on the clock. England international Gareth Barry then had a header cleared off the line by ex-Real Madrid defender Michel Salgado before Rovers' striker Jason Roberts claimed a penalty after what looked like a trip by Vincent Kompany. Aleksandar Kolarov tested Blackburn's goal when he sent a dipping shot narrowly over the bar. Rovers' best chance came when Zimbabwean striker Benjani headed over from 12 yards. Rovers were far better in the second half and put City under intense pressure but couldn't find a breakthrough, and they were made to pay when Dzeko came on as a substitute. He'd only been on the field for three minutes before a Silva cross was deflected into his path and he guided the ball high into the net from eight yards out. Martin Olsson forced City keeper Joe Hart into an injury time save from a fiercely hit free kick, but Mancini's side held out until the final whistle for their second win in a row after they defeated bitter rivals Manchester United in the FA Cup semifinal. In Spain, Real Zaragoza climbed out of the relegation zone in La Liga with a crucial 1-0 win over rock-bottom Almeria. Diego Alves was the unlucky party, as Florent Sinama-Pongolle's shot hit the post, then the Almeria keeper and bounced back into the net. Zaragoza move into 16th, one point above the drop zone, while Almeria are now nine points adrift of safety."
"(CNN) -- Akio Toyoda's appearance before U.S. legislators on Wednesday represents not just a fact-finding mission by committee members and a public relations move by Toyota, but a clash of cultures that in many ways created the recall controversy. ""They turned a rather ordinary recall into a brand-threatening crisis,"" said Jeff Kingston, a professor of Asian studies at Temple University's Japan campus in Tokyo. Indeed, a key reason why Toyoda is in the hot seat is because the company leadership responded in a very Japanese fashion, Japan watchers say. ""Their decision-making process was painfully slow, but the international media and concerned customers don't want to wait so long for answers,"" Kingston said. ""Anytime the public hears 'brake' and 'problem' in the same sentence, they want quick answers."" Toyoda's long silence as the company deliberated what to do is a hallmark of the Japanese culture of consensus building. ""The decision-making process is really the planning process in Japan -- you don't see a lot of rapid response to a strategic issue,"" said Michael Alan Hamlin, president of Team Asia, which provides communications advice to multinational companies. Difficult, too, will be how Toyoda handles hostile questioning, especially since most of his public experience has been before a largely deferential Japanese press. ""There is a huge difference in how Japanese media cover companies,"" said Hamlin, who lived in Japan for a decade. ""They are careful not to upset or annoy business leaders too much, because they don't want their access to information or press conferences blocked because of negative reporting. ""In the West, you take Microsoft, Google or GM -- once they are big, successful companies, they are targets (of aggressive media),"" he said. ""That's the trade-off for visibility and success."" How the two audiences -- American and Japanese -- view Toyoda's performance may be very different because of cultural differences in body language. ""Japanese when in an apology mode -- especially before an authority like the U.S. Congress -- will be very humble. That means, you don't necessarily look people in the eye,"" said Deborah Hayden, Tokyo managing partner of Kreab & Gavin Anderson Worldwide, a communications consultancy. ""From a Western perspective, that can be mistaken as weakness or perhaps trying to hide something."" Also, Japanese language tends to be indirect -- whereas before the committee members are likely to pepper him with direct questions and ""be a bit of political theater,"" Hamlin added. ""He's got to walk a very fine line of polite respect -- which Japanese have in bucket loads -- and the confidence of being head of one of the largest, most respected companies in the world,"" Hayden said."
"BEIJING, China (CNN)  -- The Chinese women's gymnastics team did not use underage competitors during this year's Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, the International Gymnastics Federation said Wednesday. Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner  He Kexin was only 14 years old. The federation said it has concluded its inquiry into the matter after it confirmed the gymnasts' ages through official documents that the Chinese Gymnasts Association provided. The documents included passports, identity cards and household registers. However, the organization intends to further investigate the ages of two gymnasts, Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun, who participated in the 2000 summer games in Sydney, Australia. The federation said it did not consider  the explanations and evidence that Chinese authorities provided in regard to those athletes as satisfactory. The International Olympic Committee had asked gymnastics officials to clarify the situation after numerous commentators, bloggers and others questioned whether about half the members of China's team were old enough to compete.  Watch tiny gymnasts work out  . Athletes must be at least 16 in the year the games take place. In women's gymnastics, younger girls can have an advantage over older competitors on account of their often smaller, lighter and more agile bodies. The Chinese women's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition at the Beijing games, and five members won individual medals. One of the challenges came from a blogger known as ""Stryde Hax."" The blogger claimed to have uncovered proof that Chinese gymnast He Kexin is only 14. In Internet searches, ""Stryde Hax"" allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He. CNN was not been able to independently verify the information, but snapshots of the Web pages appeared to back up the claim. Other bloggers joined the search and reported similar results. The New York Times conducted its own investigation, producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team. The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1, 1994. The International Gymnastics Federation, however, has said that those gymnasts were eligible and that the ages on their passports were correct. Chinese gymnastics coaches also defended their team. ""Asians have different figures than people from the West, so that's what caused their suspicion,"" said Huang Yubin, head coach of the men's and women's teams, referring to media inquiries. ""They shouldn't be suspicious."""
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Iran has condemned the kidnapping of one of its diplomats in northwest Pakistan on Thursday, calling it an ""act of terrorism,"" an Iranian foreign ministry spokesman said. Pakistani policemen inspect a bullet-riddled car of a kidnapped Iranian diplomat on Thursday. ""Pakistan should do its best to protect foreign diplomats and their residential places,"" the spokesman Hassan Qashqavi said, according to Iran's state-run IRNA news agency. At least four gunmen abducted Heshmatollah Attarzadeh near his home in Peshawar as he headed to work at the Iranian consulate, according to Pakistani police and Iranian diplomatic officials. His bodyguard, a Pakistani police officer, was shot and killed when the two men tried to resist, a Peshawar police official said. Pakistan's Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also ""strongly condemned"" the attack, and informed Iran that the government ""will take all necessary measures for his safe and early recovery."" Attarzadeh is a commercial attache for the Iranian consulate in Peshawar. It is the second attack targeting a foreign worker in Peshawar in two days. An American aid worker was shot and killed outside the Iranian consulate in Peshawar on Wednesday. Stephen Vance worked for a non-profit foundation funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development that helped find jobs for people in Pakistan's tribal regions, according to a statement from his employer, the Cooperative Housing Foundation International. ""Stephen had fully immersed himself in the community in which he worked,"" the statement said. ""He dressed traditionally and even sent his children to local schools."" Vance, 52, a native of California, is survived by his wife and five children -- all of whom lived with him in Peshawar -- CHF International official Bill Holbrook told CNN. The attacks come less than three months after gunmen opened fire on a vehicle carrying the senior U.S. diplomat in Peshawar, Lynne Tracy. She escaped unharmed. Peshawar is the capital of Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, an area rife with Islamic extremists and the site of recent clashes between security forces and militants. In late June, Pakistan's military launched an offensive in the province -- the biggest push against extremists in the tribal region since the civilian government took power in March. Islamic militants vowed to retaliate. Since then, militants have launched several deadly attacks. Pakistan's new government has tried to negotiate a deal with militants as part of its efforts to bypass military might and achieve peace through talks."
"MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- Father Alberto Cutie, an internationally known Catholic priest who admitted having a romantic affair and breaking his vow of celibacy, was married this week in Miami, Florida. Father Alberto Cutie was married in Coral Gables, Florida, on Tuesday, according to court documents. Cutie, 40, announced last month that he was leaving the Catholic Church and joining the Episcopal Church. A judge performed the marriage ceremony Tuesday in Coral Gables, Florida, for Cutie and Ruhama B. Canellis, 35, according to Miami-Dade County court documents. Cutie, whose name is pronounced koo-tee-AY, is a native of Puerto Rico, and Canellis was born in Guatemala. He was received into the Episcopal Church on May 28 at Trinity Cathedral in Miami. He will pursue the priesthood in the Episcopalian faith, the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida said in a written statement. It was not immediately clear how long the process would take. Cutie -- sometimes called ""Father Oprah"" because of the advice he's given on Spanish-language media -- shocked some in the Catholic community when photographs of him embracing a bathing-suit-clad woman emerged last month in TV Notas magazine. He acknowledged having carried on a two-year relationship with the woman, who at that time had not been publicly identified. ""This is something I've struggled with,"" he told CNN in May. ""I don't support the breaking of the celibacy promise."" Referring to his relationship with the woman, he said, ""It looked like a frivolous thing on the beach, you know, and that's not what it is. It's something deeper than that."" After the photographs surfaced, Cutie was removed from his duties at St. Francis De Sales Catholic Church in Miami Beach and on the Radio Paz and Radio Peace Networks. Cutie had been president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications, home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace. He has also written newspaper advice columns and a self-help book, ""Real Life, Real Love."" John C. Favalora, archbishop of the Catholic Church's Miami archdiocese, said last month that Cutie's actions have ""caused a grave scandal within the Catholic Church."" Favalora also had harsh words for the Episcopal Church's decision to accept Cutie. ""This truly is a serious setback for ecumenical relations and cooperation between us,"" he said."
"Washington (CNN) -- More than 1,000 American troops have now been killed in Afghanistan, according to CNN calculations. The United States passed that grim milestone Tuesday, when an improvised explosive device killed two of its troops in southern Afghanistan, bringing the total to 1,001. The death toll does not include those killed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in other countries. But the large number of casualties is in sharp contrast to the rates from another recent war. The deaths of these service members come 104 months since the start of the war in Afghanistan, compared with the war in Iraq, where more than 1,000 U.S. troops were killed in the first 18 months of fighting. But Afghanistan is getting deadlier by the day. From 2001 through 2006, the American casualty rate never reached 100 in any single year. But that number started going up in 2007 and spiked to more than 300 last year. If the current rate continues, 2010 will be the deadliest year of the war, nearly a decade after it started. The milestone comes just 24 hours after the single deadliest day for coalition forces in Afghanistan this year. Insurgents killed 12 NATO soldiers on Monday, seven of them Americans. Officials with the International Security Assistance Force say it was no single event but six separate attacks in southern and eastern Afghanistan. It was the most fatalities among NATO troops in a single day since October 26, when 11 Americans were killed in two helicopter crashes. Coalition forces are working to secure Helmand Province and establish a legitimate government there and are launching an offensive to target up to 1,000 Taliban fighters in Kandahar. ""We all expect the fight to get tougher as we carry out the new campaign,"" Defense Secretary Robert Gates said. Added Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen, ""I think we've been very clear for months now that this was going to be a very difficult fight in the south. And the expectations, try to set expectations ... as tragic as it is, for these losses."" A defense official says that American troops and their allies are tightening security around the city of Kandahar but that the operation there will take months and will not resemble a typical battle. More than a million Afghans live in Kandahar, and the Taliban are embedded in the population. The official says the goal will be weeding out the Taliban, as well as the drug gangs and warlords that control much of the area's economy."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- China has refused nine U.S. Navy ships and one Air Force jet entry to Hong Kong in the past month, U.S. military officials said Friday. China has refused the USS Reuben James, seen in a 1989 photo, a Christmas port call in Hong Kong. Senior Navy officials said that Beijing denied permission for the USS Reuben James, a Navy frigate, to make a holiday port call for sailors at the end of December. The rejection occurred last week, at the same time China refused to allow the USS Kitty Hawk aircraft carrier battle group into Hong Kong for a Thanksgiving holiday port call. A U.S. Air Force C-17 flight that had been scheduled for a routine resupply of the U.S. Consulate in Hong Kong also was denied permission to enter, Navy officials said. The Kitty Hawk battle group was eventually granted permission to enter, but by then the ships were well on their way to port in Japan. Days earlier, China refused to give two U.S. Navy minesweepers safe harbor in Hong Kong during a storm on the high seas. The United States has filed a formal protest with China over the decisions. U.S. officials are baffled about the reason or reasons for the port call refusals. China recently has expressed concerns about U.S. arms sales to Taiwan and President Bush's October presentation of a Congressional Gold Medal to the Dalai Lama, the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader.  Watch China put the blame on the U.S.  . There is speculation that the Chinese may have been conducting military exercises that they didn't want the U.S. Navy to see. Others think the refusals may have been the result of a misunderstanding. Officials could not explain why the rejection of the Reuben James had not been disclosed before, even though reporters had repeatedly asked if there were any other pending port calls. One senior Navy official expressed dismay that the information had not been made public by the Pentagon. White House deputy spokesman Scott Stanzel told reporters the White House is ""aware"" of the latest refusals and referred reporters to the Pentagon. Stanzel said a ""clarification"" on the matter was being sought from Beijing. White House and other Bush administration officials have sought to defuse tensions with China, saying the United States wants to move ahead on broader issues of military cooperation. Navy officials, meanwhile, say Japan is tightening approvals for Chinese navy visits into its ports. Crew members from a Chinese ship making a port call in Japan may not be allowed to tour a Japanese Aegis warship. The U.S.-designed Aegis weapons system enables coordinated operations against threats from aircraft and missiles, surface ships and submarines. It is not clear if the Japanese decision was made at the request of the United States. E-mail to a friend ."
"BERLIN, Germany (CNN) -- Germany's richest woman has said a former lover has threatened to release pictures of them together if she does not pay him millions of euros (dollars), according to her spokesman. Susanne Klatten holds a 12.5-percent stake in BMW. Susanne Klatten's spokesman Joerg Appelhans told CNN Tuesday that the BMW heiress alerted police in January this year that she was the victim of fraud and blackmail by a man he identified as Mr. S. Appelhans said the man had been threatening since autumn 2007 to release pictures of their ""meetings"" together. Klatten ""came to the conclusion that the relationship with Mr. S. was of a solely criminal nature,"" Appelhans said. Some German media reports say Klatten is one of four rich German women who have been preyed on by the same gang. ""His goal was from the beginning to con her and to blackmail her into giving him money. She rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her. The ensuing criminal investigation led to the arrest of the perpetrator,"" Appelhans added. ""The blackmailing with pictures of the meetings they had began in the fall of 2007. First, the blackmailer demanded a loan of several million euros. Later, he attempted to solicit a much larger sum."" Anton Winkler, from the Munich state prosecutor's office, confirmed that an investigation has been opened and that a man called Helg Scarbi was arrested in January and is in custody in Munich. He declined to give further details. Rome daily La Repubblica, quoting documents German investigators sent to Italian prosecutors, has reported that the suspect allegedly tried to obtain 40 million ($51 million) from Klatten, according to The Associated Press. Klatten, the daughter of the late BMW chief Herbert Quandt, holds a 12.5-percent stake in the German carmaker and a 51.1-percent share of chemical company Altana. In 2007 Forbes magazine listed her as the world's 68th richest person, with a personal fortune of $9.6 billion. CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report. Copyright 2008 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Some passengers on a diverted Aeromexico flight finally reached their destination in Seattle, Washington, on Wednesday after spending 16 hours in limbo. The plane was scheduled to fly from Mexico City, Mexico, to Seattle on Tuesday, but was diverted to Portland, Oregon, because of thick fog, said Kara Simonds, a spokeswoman for Portland International Airport. In Portland, the passengers were not allowed to exit the plane for four hours because the airport did not have enough customs agents to process them, according to CNN affiliate KING. KING also reported several passengers became so angry that police boarded the plane and told them to stay there or be arrested. Fire officials tried to calm down the outraged passengers by providing them with burgers from a local fast-food restaurant during their wait, Simonds said. Passengers were then flown back to Mexico City after officials could not solve the issue with customs agents, Simonds said. Seattle residents Mike and Karin Kuntz said they had a good vacation in Mexico, but it went downhill after they tried to get home. ""We had a wonderful time, everything went great. Then the flight home turned into a nightmare,"" Karin Kuntz told KING. ""We just felt like we were hostages -- that we, as passengers, had no rights."" Karin Kuntz said she was concerned about the pilot's fatigue and the safety. ""Can he fly back? Is he logged in? How many hours does he have,"" she said. ""No one seemed to be concerned about putting us back on that plane for all that time and that poor tired pilot."" The couple said they waited in the airport in Mexico City for 10 hours before getting a flight back to Seattle on Wednesday night. It is unclear whether other passengers on the flight were able to get to their destination. Representatives from Aeromexico said they were investigating the situation and issued a statement apologizing for the inconvenience. ""We will seek an explanation about why the customs agents were not available to assist the plane and its passengers in Portland,"" the statement said. ""We will also take appropriate steps to thank the passengers who were inconvenienced by this situation for their patience."" However, the ordeal did not end for the Kuntzes when they reached Seattle. ""They lost one of our bags,"" Mike Kuntz said. It is unclear if other passengers on the flight were able to get to their destination. Representatives from Aeromexico said they were investigating the situation and planned to release a statement. CNN's Amanda O'Donnell contributed to this report."
"Washington (CNN) -- A $413 million judgment against Syria, resulting from a terror group's gruesome murder of two Americans, was upheld Friday by a U.S. federal appeals court. The unanimous ruling was a legal victory for the families of the men, which had sought to hold the Middle Eastern nation accountable for what a district judge concluded was the nation's ""material support"" of al-Qaeda in Iraq. The judges noted the case arose from ""gruesome and memorable facts."" Olin ""Jack"" Armstrong and Jack Hensley were working as military contractors in Iraq when they were abducted in 2004. The group al-Tawhid wal-Jihad, known as al-Qaeda in Iraq, claimed responsibility. The group's leader Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi later decapitated the men, a scene captured on videotape and circulated widely on the Internet. Al-Zarqawi was later killed in 2006 by a U.S. airstrike. The separate estates of the two Americans then brought a lawsuit against Syria, which included the country's president and head of military intelligence. The families claimed Syrian officials facilitated the torture and beheadings by providing material support, which federal law says can consist of not only money, weapons and shelter, but also ""advice or assistance."" The issues for the Washington-based appeals court were whether the judges had jurisdiction to hear the dispute, and whether Syria was properly served with the lawsuit. The three-judge panel concluded they indeed had jurisdiction and that ""the families adequately effected service of process against Syria when they first filed suit."" Steven Perles, attorney for the families of Armstrong and Hensley, said in a statement, ""It is our hope that if we can collect on some of this, Syria will realize they must repudiate their support for terrorists and rejoin the civilized world."" Syria has been on the U.S. list of ""state sponsors of terrorism"" since the list's inception in 1979. The State Department's official website says after the 9/11 terror attacks on American soil, Syria ""began limited cooperation with U.S. counterterrorism efforts."" U.S.-based attorneys for Syria had argued ""several procedural, constitutional, and jurisdictional defects"" in the the trial judge's original ruling upholding a default judgment. There was no immediate comment on Friday from Syrian officials or their attorneys. A federal law known at the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act normally protects countries from lawsuits in federal courts. However, exceptions are made, among other things, for state-sponsored torture, hostage-taking charges, extra-judicial killings and aircraft sabotage. The case is Gates v. Syrian Arab Republic (08-7118)."
"(CNN) -- An archeological team is set to break new ground in its excavation of an Egyptian temple where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony may be buried. An excavation of an Egyptian temple my reveal where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony are buried. A ground-penetrating, radar survey of the temple of Taposiris Magna and its surrounding area, west of Alexandria, was completed in March, following three years of digging, according to a statement from Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities. Taposiris Magna is one of the ancient towns located on Lake Mariut, which is today called Abusir. According to the council, the radar revealed three possible spots of interest where a tomb might be located. Recently, the team discovered a large, previously unknown cemetery outside the temple enclosure. ""The discovery of this cemetery indicates that an important person, likely of royal status, could be buried inside the temple. It was common for officials and other high-status individuals in Egypt to construct their tombs close to those of their rulers throughout the Pharaonic period,"" according to the council. The expedition has so far turned up 27 tombs, 20 of them shaped like vaulted sarcophagi, and seven simple burial chambers that are reached by staircases. Inside these chambers, the team found 10 mummies, two of them gilded. Other discoveries include an alabaster bust of Cleopatra, and 22 coins bearing her ""beautiful"" image, according to council Secretary-General Zahi Hawass. The discovery contradicts some recent reports that describe her as unattractive, he said. ""Among the most interesting finds is a unique mask depicting a man with a cleft chin. The face bears some similarity to known portraits of Mark Antony himself,"" Hawass said. The love story of Antony and Cleopatra has been a favorite theme for writers and filmmakers. The 1963 Oscar-winning movie of the couple starred Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton, who themselves became star-crossed lovers. Cleopatra ruled Egypt between 51 B.C. until her suicide in 30 B.C., following Mark Antony's naval defeat against Caesar's adopted son Octavian at Actium in the Mediterranean. Mark Antony, once a general in Caesar's army, killed himself before Cleopatra took her own life, after being falsely informed that Cleopatra already had died."
"(CNN) -- Never underestimate the power of the dark side. Scratch that. Let's go with never underestimate the power of a cute blond kid cloaked in the robes of Mr. Dark Side himself, Darth Vader. Despite having already been on television since 2009, 6-year-old Max Page is winning more fans than he likely ever could have imagined after his appearance in a Super Bowl advertisement for Volkswagen. ""My dad said I'm the hit star!"" Max said Tuesday during an appearance on CNN's ""American Morning."" You've doubtless seen the commercial by now. As many as 110 million Americans who watched the Super Bowl on Sunday saw it, and it's been viewed more than 20 million times on YouTube. It depicts a young boy dressed in Vader's black robe and helmet feverishly trying to get something -- anything -- to obey ""The Force"" and bend to his will. He tries the washer and dryer. A doll. A sandwich. Nothing happens. Not even the family dog is moved. But when he tries to wield ""The Force"" on his dad's new car, the engine roars to life -- with a little help from dad and his keyfob, of course. You can almost see Max's eyes, wide-open with amazement, as he holds his arms out and turns to his unseen parents as if to say, ""Did you see that?"" ""Lance Acord, the director, said what he brought to the spot when they were filming was more of an authenticity because he wasn't mimicking Darth Vader,"" Max's mom, Jennifer said. ""He was just challenging Darth Vader and doing what he thought Darth Vader looked like."" In fact, Star Wars fans might note Max bears some resemblance to the actor who played young Anakin Skywalker, who later turned into Darth. And fans are also comparing him a young Mark Hamill, who played Vader's son, Luke Skywalker. Not that any of it means much to Max. He still hasn't seen any of the movies. ""He's a little scared, still,"" his mother said. Max's story has another twist. He has a congenital heart defect and wears a pacemaker. But he leads a normal life, his mother said. ""Once these kids get mended they can go and live full lives and that's been a huge inspiration for others already,"" she said. Max spent most of his appearance on CNN Tuesday fidgeting with a boxed set of all the Star Wars movies -- a gift from co-host Kiran Chetry. He did take a moment to turn to the camera, raise his eyebrows and wave. ""Hello!"" he said to the camera, as oblivious as any 6-year-old to the grown ups talking around him."
"(CNN) -- Manchester City captain Carlos Tevez has revealed that he wanted to leave the English Premier League club in the previous transfer window. The Argentina forward handed in a transfer request at the weekend, which was rejected by the club -- who claimed his representatives had been seeking to renegotiate the 26-year-old's lucrative contract, which expires in 2014. British media have widely speculated that Tevez, whose family live in South America, will leave Eastlands when the transfer window reopens in January. ""I wanted to leave in the summer, but was convinced to return to the club,"" Tevez said in a statement. ""Sadly, my feelings have not changed. ""I hugely resent the management's suggestions that I have been unduly influenced by others. I am disappointed that the management should now see fit to try to portray the situation in another light."" Manchester City reject Tevez transfer request . Manchester City released a statement on Sunday to confirm that Tevez's transfer request had been rejected. ""The written transfer request is in stark contrast to Carlos' stated position in both public and club contexts,"" it said. ""Significantly, over recent months, the club has also received numerous requests from Carlos' representative to renegotiate and improve his playing contract, as well as more recently a request to extend that contract by another year."" The former Manchester United player, who has scored 10 league goals this season, made his announcement on Saturday, hours after his team's 3-1 win over West Ham lifted City to second place in the table. Toure on target for Man City . He missed that match due to suspension, and had appeared to clash with manager Roberto Mancini after being substituted against Bolton earlier this month. Tevez said he had no problems with Mancini, but wanted to leave because his relationship with ""certain executives and individuals at the club"" had broken down ""beyond repair."" Since September 2008, the club has been owned by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan, an Abu Dhabi billionaire who has financed many high-profile player acquisitions including Spain midfielder David Silva and Ivory Coast's Yaya Toure. Tevez has been in sensational form since his arrival from United, scoring 39 goals in 59 appearances for the Citizens. His move across Manchester in mid-2009 angered his former manager Alex Ferguson, as Tevez turned down the offer of a new contract to join the club's fierce rivals."
"(CNN) -- Investigators are pursuing several new leads in the case of a missing 5-year-old girl in Florida, they said Tuesday. Haleigh Ann-Marie Cummings, 5, who vanished a week ago, may have been abducted, police say. The Putnam County Sheriff's Office on Monday night searched the neighborhood of Haleigh Ann-Marie Cummings, who vanished a week ago. Deputies also searched surrounding neighborhoods. Authorities said the girl may have been abducted. Officials wouldn't release any details on the leads. ""Those leads, like I said, are as a result of doing the neighborhood canvass last night, and we will be following up on those leads today,"" said Capt. Steve Rose of the Putnam Sheriff's Office. Since opening the case a week ago, authorities have received more than 1,200 tips about the missing girl, 500 of them since Monday, Putnam County Sheriff Rick Ryan said. Tuesday afternoon, the sheriff's office announced they have changed the Amber Alert they originally put out for the little girl, saying they changed the description of the clothing. ""What we need people to focus on is the face, because we do not know at this time what the clothing was at this point,"" said Dominick Pape with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Rose said investigators also conducted a checkpoint in the area last night. Ronald Cummings' girlfriend, 17-year-old Misty Croslin, told police she was watching Haleigh when she went missing sometime before dawn February 10.  Watch why police now question the sitter's story  . Cummings shares his double-wide mobile home with Croslin, daughter Haleigh and a 4-year-old son in Satsuma, east of Gainesville. He has said that when he returned home at 3 a.m. ET, he was surprised to see Croslin awake and asked her why she was up. Croslin waited until Cummings came home to phone 911 about the girl's disappearance, though it's unclear how long that wait was, authorities said. Police said last week that Croslin had tucked the girl and her brother into bed at 8 p.m. before going to sleep at 10. The girl, boy and Croslin usually sleep in the same bed. Officials said they originally thought Haleigh may have wandered outside on her own but are now certain that she was abducted. Investigators are looking into various angles of the case, including finding out the location of 44 registered sexual offenders who live within a 5-mile radius of the Cummings home, said Lt. Johnny Greenwood of the Putnam Sheriff's Office. A nationwide Amber Alert said the girl was last seen wearing a pink shirt and underwear."
"NEWARK, New Jersey (CNN) -- The most ""far-flung and exotic fugitive investigation ever conducted by the U.S. Marshals Service"" ended early Sunday with convicted child molester Alan Horowitz in custody on U.S. soil. Alan Horowitz was convicted in 1991 on 34 counts of child molestation. Officers from the U.S. Marshals service arrested the 60-year-old at Newark Liberty International Airport after a 15-hour flight from New Delhi, India. The ordained Orthodox rabbi and former child psychologist was arrested on May 22 at a seaside resort in Mahabalipuram, India, according to parole officer Robert Georgia. An agent from the Diplomatic Security Service escorted him aboard the Continental Airlines flight, authorities said. He is being held at a correctional facility in New Jersey and will appear before an extradition judge on July 16th before being taken to New York to face a parole violation charge there. He also faces a federal charge of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution.   Watch Horowitz in custody at Newark airport  . A number of Internet tipsters in India were responsible for alerting the Marshal's service to Horowitz's whereabouts, said U.S. Marshal Gary Mattison, who was assigned to track down Horowitz last year. Horowitz served 13 years of a 10-20 year sentence for child molestation and was released on parole in 2004, authorities said. In June 2006, he fled the country shortly after meeting with his parole officer, setting off the manhunt that involved the Indian police, agents from the State Department's Diplomatic Security Service, and U.S. Marshals, U.S. Marshals told CNN. Horowitz's 1991 conviction was on 34 counts of child molestation in Schenectady, New York. A dual citizen of the United States and Israel, Horowitz has also been convicted of ""perverted sexual practices"" in Maryland, where he was found guilty of abusing one of his patients, federal marshals said. During the 1980s, while he was living in Israel, he was the subject of a police investigation into charges he was sexually abusing his second wife's children, according to the U.S. Marshal service. He also faced another sexual misconduct investigation while living in North Carolina, authorities say. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Katia Porzecanski contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- A group of 20 doctors who were detained during this year's protests in Bahrain have been convicted of attempting to overthrow the government and hit with lengthy prison sentences, authorities and a human rights group said Thursday. Thirteen of the physicians were sentenced to 15 years in prison, two for 10 years and five for five years, said military prosecutor, Col. Yussef Rashid Flaifel. Charges against the doctors included possession of unlicensed weapons, inciting the overthrow of the government, provoking sectarian hatred and forceful occupation of a public building, officials said. Prosecutors have alleged that, at the height of the protests earlier this year, the accused medical personnel refused to help patients at Salmaniya Medical Complex, the main hospital in the Bahraini capital, Manama. ""The Salmaniya Hospital was used as a coordination center for three weeks for protests calling for the overthrow of the government. Those doctors who have been found guilty were charged with abusing the hospital for political purposes,"" a government spokesman said. ""Nobody is above the law."" This month, the doctors were released on bail after reports that several of them had gone on hunger strikes. At the time, human rights activists hoped that their release was good sign, though the charges against the doctors still stood. But Thursday, Amnesty International issued a statement, decrying the court's decision. ""These are simply ludicrous charges against civilian professionals who were working to save lives amid very trying circumstances,"" said Philip Luther, deputy director of Amnesty International's Middle East and North Africa program. ""It appears that the real reason for targeting these health workers was the fact that they denounced the government crackdown on protesters in interviews to international media."" ""We've repeatedly said that Bahraini authorities should never have used military courts to prosecute ordinary civilians, including doctors, teachers and human rights activists,"" he added. An attorney for the doctors said the group will appeal the verdict next month in a Bahraini civilian appellate court. Protests have lingered in Bahrain for months despite a crackdown by the kingdom's Sunni monarchy, backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. More than 30 people have been killed during the demonstrations, in which activists say Bahraini security forces used live ammunition against protesters. Opposition groups say more than 1,000 people -- mainly Shiites -- have been detained and more than 2,000 have lost their jobs for allegedly taking part in the protests."
(CNN) -- Spanish champions Barcelona remained five points clear of Real Madrid despite having two players sent off against Getafe on Saturday. Josep Guardiola's team played more than an hour with 10 men after Gerard Pique was dismissed, then substitute Rafael Marquez was ordered off in time added on to concede a penalty, but Barca still managed to pull off a 2-1 victory and remain undefeated in 21 La Liga matches this season. Second-placed Real had no such problems in defeating Barca's city neighbors Espanyol 3-0 in the late match, keeping within two victories of their great rivals. Barcelona took the lead after only seven minutes against visiting Getafe when world player of the year Lionel Messi curled in a superb left-foot effort for his 16th league goal in 18 appearances after a corner was not cleared. Defender Gerard Pique then saw red for a rash lunge in the 25th minute on Rafa Lopez, who prevented the hosts from doubling their lead just before halftime with a flying block to keep out striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic's goalbound shot. Mali midfielder Seydou Keita also should have scored but hit Getafe's sidenetting just before an hour, then a counter-attacking Messi set up stand-in captain Xavi to make it 2-0 on 67. Mexico defender Marquez, who came on at halftime, was red-carded in the second minute of injury-time after crudely pushing Kepa Blanco from behind when he seemed set to score, and Roberto Soldado netted the resulting spot-kick. It came too late for Getafe, who were left in seventh place, 24 points behind the leaders. Kaka scored for the first time since November as Real Madrid cruised to victory at home to Espanyol despite being without the suspended Cristiano Ronaldo. Defender Sergio Ramos headed home Esteban Granero's fifth-minute free-kick, while Brazil playmaker Kaka pounced to score the second goal after half an hour after goalkeeper Carlos Kameni did well to block Raul's header. Real seemed to take their foot off the pedal in the second spell until the 90th minute when Gonzalo Higuain showed silky skills to control a long ball, evade the defense and slot his 12th league goal of the season to clinch an 11th successive league win at the Bernabeu this season. Valencia consolidated third place with a 2-0 victory at home to Real Valladolid which left them eight points behind Real. Midfielder Ever Banega scored in the eighth minute and Spain striker David Villa doubled the lead after half an hour as Onesimo Sanchez made a losing start top his reign as coach of the 17th-placed visitors, who could drop into the bottom three after Sunday's fixtures.
"BRUSSELS, Belgium (CNN) -- European leaders agreed Friday to send an 1,800-strong security force to maintain stability in Kosovo, although they stopped short of backing independence for the province. French soldiers at the NATO-led peacekeeping mission in Kosovo last month. Kosovo is expected to declare independence from Serbia early in the new year. Serbia, however, insists the region should remain autonomous within its borders. Speaking at the end of a one-day summit of European heads in Brussels, Jose Socrates, the Portuguese prime minister currently holding the European Union presidency, said that sending the security mission was a ""political decision."" The police and security force is expected to be deployed to the Balkan state ahead of an announcement of independence. ""This is the clearest signal that the EU could possibly give that it intends to lead on the whole issue of Kosovo's future, its status and its role in the region,"" Socrates said. According to CNN's Robin Oakley in Brussels, European leaders are trying to balance an obvious readiness to back Kosovan independence with incentives to Serbia, which is seeking membership of the EU. EU leaders are deeply conscious of their failure in the early 1990s to move early enough to prevent the bloodletting in the Balkans over the break-up of the former Yugoslavia, he said. Although most EU leaders support Serbia becoming a member state to boost stability in the Balkans, French President Nicholas Sarkozy said that Serbia's membership is dependent on it recognizing Kosovo's independence and handing over war criminals. Socrates confirmed to CNN that any fast-tracking of Serbia into the EU could only be considered if it agreed to hand over Ratko Mladic, the Bosnian Serb general wanted at the The Hague for suspected war crimes. Two years of negotiations on the future status of Kosovo ended in failure earlier this week, when talks mediated by Europe, the United States and Russia ended without an agreement. The disputed province is dear to the Serbs, Orthodox Christians who regard it as Serbian  territory. But it is equally coveted by Kosovo's ethnic Albanians, Muslims who have a 90 percent majority. Since 1999 the United Nations has been running the province with NATO peacekeepers, who still number 16,000. Oakley said the EU mission to Kosovo would help to ease the handover from the U.N. to local authorities. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- U.S. President George Bush railed against the government of Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe Monday, calling intimidation of opposition figures ""deplorable."" Leading opposition figure Artur Mutambara was arrested following his criticism of President Robert Mugabe. ""The continued use of government-sponsored violence in Zimbabwe, including unwarranted arrests and intimidation of opposition figures, to prevent the Movement for Democratic Change from campaigning freely ahead of the June 27 presidential runoff election is deplorable,"" Bush said in a statement released by the U.S. Embassy in neighboring South Africa. Zimbabwean authorities Sunday arrested an opposition leader on charges stemming from his criticism of the government and its handling of the recent presidential election, an official with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change told CNN. Police in Harare surrounded the house of student activist-turned-opposition politician Arthur Mutambara and arrested him on charges of contempt of court and publishing falsehoods, MDC official Romualdo Mavedzenge said. While Zimbabwe authorities have arrested dozens of MDC supporters and activists over the past two months, Mavedzenge said ""this is the highest profile MDC official (arrested) since the March 29 election."" Mutambara is president of an MDC faction that split from the main party headed by Morgan Tsvangirai. After Tsvangirai's party won the majority of seats in parliament, the two leaders agreed to join forces in parliament under Mutambara's leadership. Both charges stem from an opinion piece written by Mutambara in which he criticized President Robert Mugabe for the way the March 29 elections were handled. Raphael Khumalo, chief executive of The Sunday Standard, which published the article, was arrested last month on charges of publishing falsehoods. Bush said Mugabe's government is failing on multiple levels. ""We call on the regime to immediately halt all attacks and to permit freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, and access to the media,"" Bush said. ""We urge the Southern African Development Community, the African Union, the United Nations, and other international organizations to blanket the country with election and human rights monitors immediately."" Zimbabwe's election commission said Tsvangirai won the March presidential election, but didn't win a majority of the vote, forcing this month's vote. The MDC contested the results, saying Tsvangirai won outright, but decided to take part in the runoff and not cede the election to Mugabe."
"Casablanca, Morocco (CNN) -- Single mothers in Morocco are breaking records. A recent study published by a Casablanca support group for single mothers says the number of Morocco's unmarried mothers in 2009 is at least double those in 2008 -- 27,200 compared with 11,016 the year before, according to the Institution Nationale de Solidarite Avec Les Femmes en Distresse. As in most Muslim countries, it is considered an intolerable shame on a family in Morocco if a daughter falls pregnant outside marriage. In many cases, families totally reject a daughter who becomes pregnant before marriage. Morocco's unmarried mothers are mostly young, said Houda El Bourahi, the institute's director. The study shows 60% are younger than 26 and a third younger than 20, she said. According to the 350-page report, the mothers are often in ""vulnerable"" professions, such as house servants, and the majority have a low level of schooling. Often, the women believe that their sexual partners will marry them, and so agree to their demands, according to the study. Despite Morocco being modern in so many respects, strong prejudice still remains against unwed mothers from most groups of society. ""It's time to put an end to prejudices held against these women though who are considered by (Moroccan) society as prostitutes,"" El Bourahi said. ""These women are rejected by their families and by society and are not protected by the law."" Since the end of last year, 7,000 women in Casablanca alone had been assisted at the organization's Center of Listening on the outskirts of the city, the commercial capital of Morocco with a population of almost 4 million. Furthermore, 2,000 children have been accepted legally by the civil state and 540 have been recognized by their fathers. The women's rights agenda has accelerated dramatically in recent years in Morocco largely following an initiative by King Mohammed VI to give women more equality, both at home and in the workplace. A new law adopted in 2004 gave women more rights as wives, for example. Still, few men accept unmarried mothers and their offspring despite less of a stigma these days toward women who take up jobs and consider virginity to be an outdated virtue. While many men consider single mothers to be prostitutes, sex workers reportedly represent a tiny percentage of Morocco's unmarried mothers."
"(CNN)  -- John Isner of the United States and his French opponent Nicolas Mahut made tennis history at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they contested the longest grand slam singles match of all time -- and it is still to be finished. It was called off for the day due to bad light at 59 games all in the fifth and deciding set after 10 hours of action on Court 18 at the All England Club. During the marathon fifth set, the pair surpassed the previous record of six hours and 33 minutes set at the 2004 French Open, when Fabrice Santoro beat fellow Frenchman Arnaud Clement 6-4 6-3 6-7 3-6 16-14. The duration of the fifth set alone, currently standing at seven hours and six minutes, beat the previous record. The giant Isner has also set a world record for aces in a match, sending down 98 with Mahut notching up 95. ""Nothing like this will ever happen again, ever,"" said a visibly shattered Isner. ""I don't know what to say."" Isner had match point at 59-58, but Mahut saved it with an ace and went on to level again. Match officials then called the game off at 9:10 pm local time although Isner wanted to play on. Mahut, who had appeared the less tired, said: ""We played for too long, I don't know how many hours we played."" The first round match had been stopped the previous night due to bad light and had still not been finished 24 hours later. It was watched by a crowd of less than 800 on the outside court, but as news spread of the incredible final set, fans and players gathered around to attempt to catch a glimpse of one of the most remarkable matches in sporting history. Defending champion Roger Federer summed it up. ""This is beyond anything I've ever seen. It's absolutely amazing,"" he told gathered reporters. ""I have almost no words anymore watching this. I don't know how their bodies must be feeling. This is incredible tennis. Someone has to lose, but in this match both will be winners."" Tournament officials will have a headache on Thursday as both men are due to begin their third-round matches, if they can be eventually separated after their epic encounter which has so far stretched for 163 games."
"(CNN) -- Floyd Mayweather Jr will have to pay Juan Manuel Marquez a reported $600,000 after weighing in two pounds too heavy ahead of Saturday night's welterweight showdown in Las Vegas. Floyd Mayweather Jr, left, faces off with Juan Manuel Marquez ahead of Saturday night's fight. Fight promoters Golden Boy confirmed after Friday's weigh-in that there had been a contractually agreed weight of 144 pounds for Mayweather's comeback bout, and that the American would pay a stipulated -- but undisclosed -- amount for every pound over that amount. As it was, Mayweather tipped the scales at 146 pounds and Mexican Marquez, whose usual weight is around 135 pounds, was weighed at 142 as he stepped up from lightweight for the fight. The maximum for a welterweight is 147 pounds. ""The fight was contracted as a welterweight fight with an agreed upon weight of 144 pounds. However, there were pre-negotiated weight penalties built in,"" Golden Boy CEO Richard Schaefer told ESPN.com. The website also reported sources who stated that each extra pound would cost Mayweather $300,000, thus giving Marquez an additional $600,000 on top of his $3.2 million guarantee for the fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. The 32-year-old Mayweather, who returns to the boxing ring for the first time since December 2007 when he beat Ricky Hatton to retain his WBC world welterweight championship, has a reported minimum guarantee of $10 million before pay-per-view TV revenues are added. Mayweather is undefeated with a career record of 39-0, while the 36-year-old Marquez, who holds the WBA and WBO world lightweight belts, has 50 victories from 55 fights, 37 by knockout. Meanwhile, Nikolai Valuev will defend his WBA heavyweight title against British boxer David Haye in Germany on November 7. The fight, originally announced in July, had been in doubt as American John Ruiz lodged a legal challenge claiming that he was the giant Russian's mandatory challenger. However, the 36-year-old's promoters have clinched a deal with Ruiz, meaning the bout can go ahead as planned at Nuremberg's Arena Nurnberger Versicherung, where Valuev beat Sergei Liakhovich in February 2008. The 7' 1"" Valuev, the tallest and heaviest boxing champion of all time who has a record of 50 wins from 52 fights, will dwarf the 6' 3"" Haye, the former undisputed cruiserweight champion."
"(CNN) -- South Korea will attempt a second time to send a group of North Koreans back to the communist North on Monday, according to the Red Cross. The effort comes three days after North Korea refused accept the same group. The North rejected the first attempt by the South to repatriate 27 of the North Koreans over four defectors, who decided remain behind in South Korea. The North has demanded the return of the whole group of 31 -- including the defectors, according to South Korea's official news agency Yonhap. The North Koreans accidentally crossed over into South Korean waters on a fishing boat in early February. The defections have become a new point of tension between the Koreas. Defection is a crime in North Korea that carries the death penalty, according to Yonhap. North Korea on Monday proposed working-level Red Cross talks regarding repatriation, according to a South Korean Red Cross news release. South Korea has accepted the proposal for talks but rejected a key demand by the North. The North Korean Red Cross plans to bring three family members of the four North Korean defectors to the meeting, according to the news release, and demand that the South Koreans bring the four defectors to the meeting with them. The South Korean government reaffirmed its intention Monday not to repatriate the four North Korean defectors, Yonhap reported. ""There is no change in our basic position that a decision made based on the free will of a person must be respected,"" said South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Chun Hae-sung in the Yonhap report. South Korea's intelligence agency questioned the North Koreans for about a month since they crossed over in early February before deciding to release the group, the Korean Red Cross said. There are currently more than 20,000 North Korean defectors in South Korea, according to the South's Unification Ministry. The number of annual defectors has risen dramatically since the turn of the century and continues to climb. Defectors who are forcefully repatriated to the North after attempting to cross over into third countries such as China, Mongolia or Southeast Asia are commonly sent to prison camps as a punishment. Many defectors who live in South Korea fear for the lives of their family or relatives who remain in the North. CNN's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- Mourners gathered Saturday in a California church to remember slain Yale graduate student Annie Le, 24, whose body was found on the day she was to be married. Yale student Annie Le's family said in a statement that ""her laughter was infectious."" ""You were born in my loving embrace,"" said Le's mother, Vivian Van Le, reading a poem she'd written in Vietnamese to those gathered for the funeral at Holy Trinity Catholic Church in El Dorado Hills, California. Chris Le -- her son and Annie Le's brother -- provided a translation. ""The most wonderful gift that God had sent to me. ... You left life at too young an age, at the beginning of many great things. All the dreams and hopes of your future gone with you to your resting place,"" Vivian Van Le said, according to her son. Le, a pharmacology graduate student, was last seen alive on September 8, the day she appeared in a surveillance video as she entered the four-story lab at 10 Amistad St., about 10 blocks from Yale University's campus. Her body was found inside the basement wall of the building on September 12, the day she was to be married. Authorities have charged Yale lab technician Raymond Clark, 24, with Le's murder. Bond has been set at $3 million, according to police.   See timeline of case  . Vivian Van Le addressed her daughter's fiance, Jonathan Widawsky, on Saturday at the funeral, saying, ""Even now, Annie is gone. But I still have you and love you very much, like my son, Christopher."" Widawsky is a graduate student in physics at Columbia University, according to  Yale.  Watch loved ones say goodbye to Le  . Monsignor James C. Kidder told the mourners that ""the worth of Annie's life was not its length, it was its intensity of love."" Yale released a statement Friday, saying that a university memorial service would be held on October 12. The university is also establishing a scholarship in Le's memory. It released a statement from her family, saying ""Annie was loved by everyone who knew her and special to all those who came in contact with her. ... Her laughter was infectious and her goodness was ingenuous. ... We will always remember her beautiful smile, her fun-loving spirit, and the joy that she brought to us all."""
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN)  -- Zimbabwe urgently needs to form a new government in order to address a food crisis in the nation and prevent starvation, newly designated Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai told reporters Saturday. At least 80 percent of the population of Zimbabwe are living below the poverty line. Tsvangirai, leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change, said there was a ""deepening food insecurity"" in the country. ""We need to respond to this crisis with utmost urgency,"" he said. ""It is therefore imperative that a government be formed in the next few days and begins to implement plans to insure that our people have food and do not die of starvation."" Zimbabwe industries are operating at about 10 percent of capacity, and the food and manufacturing industry will not be able to deliver sufficient food supplies to markets. Tsvangirai signed a power sharing deal with President Robert Mugabe on September 15 but the two have not yet agreed on the distribution of Cabinet posts. Earlier this week, Mugabe told the press that only four posts were still to be agreed on. But Tsvangirai said in response, ""I think to minimize the remaining issues to only four issues, it is to underplay the whole process. The issue is that the negotiation must be concluded I think the matter will be solved once all the principals are back in the country."" Mugabe has been in the United States for a meeting of the United Nations General Assembly. He is expected back in the country after Saturday. Zimbabwe has been facing a collapsing economy for nearly a decade, and is plagued with high unemployment, food shortages and at least 80 percent of the population living below the poverty line. This has been accompanied by dizzying levels of inflation -- now officially at 11.2 million percent, the highest in the world. Once an exporter of food, Zimbabwe has been a net importer of food since 2000, when Mugabe's government embarked on a controversial and violent land reform program that displaced some experienced commercial farmers, most of them of European origin. Tsvangirai said he has consulted with food security experts and was told the country needs to import 800,000 tons of maize (corn) to avoid starvation until the next harvest in April."
"New York (CNN) --  Two people have died and 28 people have fallen ill with matching strains of E. coli after an outbreak in ground beef, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Sixteen of those people are in hospitals and three have developed kidney failure as a result of the contamination, the CDC said late Monday. The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced last week that Fairbank Farms in Ashville, New York, was recalling more than half a million pounds of fresh ground beef products that may be contaminated with a strain of E. coli, a potentially deadly species of bacteria. The products subject to recall were sent to retailers including Trader Joe's, Price Chopper, Lancaster and Wild Harvest, Shaw's, BJ's, Ford Brothers, and Giant Food Stores. The exact products affected are listed on the USDA's Web site. The recall was for distribution centers in eight states, but Fairbank Farms said some retailers may have sent the affected beef to other states. Each package is printed with ""EST. 492"" inside the USDA mark of inspection or on the nutrition label. They were packaged on September 15 and 16 and may have been labeled at the retail stores with a sell-by date from September 19 through 28, the USDA said. Consumers should ask at their point of purchase if the products they have purchased are subject to recall, the USDA said. E. coli can cause bloody diarrhea, dehydration, and in the most severe cases, kidney failure. The very young, seniors and people with weak immune systems are the most susceptible to foodborne illness. The USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service advised consumers to safely prepare raw meat products, whether they are fresh or frozen, and only consume ground beef that has been cooked to a temperature of 160 degrees Fahrenheit. The only way to be sure ground beef is cooked to a high enough temperature to kill harmful bacteria is to use a food thermometer to measure the internal temperature, the FSIS said. Of the 28 people infected with E. coli from the outbreak, eight are in Massachusetts; four each are in Connecticut and New Hampshire; two each are in Maine, Pennsylvania and South Dakota; and one each is in California, Maryland, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York and Vermont, according to the CDC."
"(CNN) -- World number one Rafael Nadal will return to Davis Cup action for the first time since 2009 next month, when he leads Spain in its world group first-round clash against Belgium. It will be the first time the 24-year-old has played in the competition since he was part of the Spanish side that beat the Czech Republic in the final two years ago. The tie, which takes place in the Belgian town of Charleroi from March 4-6, will also be Nadal's first competitive match since he sustained a wrist injury in his Australian Open quarterfinal loss to compatriot David Ferrer. The Mallorcan was named in the Spanish squad alongside world number 6 Ferrer, number nine Fernando Verdasco and 41-ranked Feliciano Lopez by team captain Albert Costa at a press conference in Alicante on Friday. ""Having the world number one and best sportsman of 2010 brings a winning spirit and stability to the team,"" Costa told the official ATP Tour website. ""After the small injury he had in Australia he has done what he needed to do to be able to return to training. His training is progressing, and when he joins our training camp he'll be in perfect condition,"" the former world number six added. Nine-time grand slam champion Nadal has an impressive 14-1 win-loss record in Davis Cup singles play and was also part of the team who claimed victory in the event in 2004. He will travel to Belgium on February 27 to prepare with his teammates ahead of the fourth meeting of the two European countries in the event. Meanwhile, United States captain Jim Courier has named number eight Andy Roddick as part of a five-man squad who will face Chile in their first round tie. Like Nadal, 2003 U.S. Open champion's last appearance came in 2009 when the side faced Switzerland in the opening round of the world group. But Roddick, 28 -- who is the second best all-time player in U.S. Davis Cup history with 31 singles wins -- now looks likely to make his comeback in the event when the Americans travel to Santiago in March. For his first tie in charge of the U.S., Courier also named John Isner, Sam Querrey and doubles specialists Bob and Mike Bryan. The former world number one can change as many as two players before he must submit his final four-man line up ahead of the draw ceremony on Thursday March 3."
"MOSCOW, Russia (CNN)  -- A Russian serial murderer dubbed the ""Chessboard Killer"" was given the maximum sentence of life in prison Monday and ordered to undergo psychiatric therapy for a string of at least 48 murders that terrorized Moscow for years. A Moscow jury convicted Alexander Pichushkin last week of 48 murders and three attempted murders. Pichushkin claimed he had actually committed 60 murders, though prosecutors were unable to find evidence to prove that. Pichushkin earned the nickname ""Chessboard Killer"" for saying he had intended to kill one person for each of the 64 squares on a chessboard. In ordering Pichushkin to receive compulsory psychiatric therapy, the judge said the defendant has a mental disorder but is still sane and cannot avoid responsibility for his crimes. Throughout his trial, Pichushkin gloated over his crimes and ridiculed the police case against him. ""I was dismayed my work had been attributed to others,"" Pichushkin said. ""In one week, I killed two people. If they hadn't caught me, I would have never stopped. Having caught me, they saved many lives."" Watch video report on serial killer Alexander Pichushkin . For years until his arrest in June 2006, Pichushkin kept Moscow on edge, stalking the heavily forested Bitsa Park on the city's southern outskirts and preying on the homeless and elderly. Pichushkin claimed to have committed all but one of his murders in the park. He lured his victims with the promise of alcohol and, after getting them drunk on vodka, he beat them to death and dumped their bodies in the park. It led Russian media to give Pichushkin his other nickname, the ""Bitsa Maniac."" Over the years, Russian police recovered dozens of corpses, some with sticks and vodka bottles rammed into their skulls. But the crucial lead came in 2005, when a woman Pichushkin worked with at a vegetable store was found dead. She had left a note at her home saying she was going for a walk with him. Pichushkin said he had been aware of the note but killed her anyway. E-mail to a friend . CNN Correspondent Matthew Chance contributed to this report."
"Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Five people were killed in clashes between rival forces in the Yemeni capital Sanaa as nationwide protests against the government continued Wednesday. Of the dead in Sanaa, two were loyal to Gen. Ali Muhsen Al-Ahmar, who has defected to the opposition, a government security official said. The other three were regime soldiers. Government forces were sending in armored vehicles as reinforcements to the demonstrations in Sanaa, the official said. Thousands of Yemenis took to the streets in Aden, Taiz, Hodeida and Dhamar. In addition to the dead in Sanaa, two people were killed in Aden, according to medical staff at the city's Naqeeb Hospital. Meanwhile, Yemen's attorney general threatened to resign unless the government went after the killers of anti-government protesters last month. Abdullah Al-Olufi said ""those who were responsible for killing almost 60 protesters and injuring hundreds of others should be identified and brought to justice soon."" ""If the security authorities don't identify those responsible for the massacre including those who were masked, I will step down,"" Al-Olufi said as public and external pressure mounts on President Ali Abdullah Saleh to step down. Protests erupted in Yemen this week despite an attempt by Persian Gulf nations to decrease tensions. The Gulf Cooperation Council has urged Saleh to transfer powers to his vice president, a move that falls short with the protesters who returned to the streets for marches. Opposition leaders vowed not to back down. The Joint Meeting Parties bloc, Yemen's largest opposition group, said the Gulf initiative ""does not clearly state that Saleh must step down and only focuses on Saleh's transferring power."" ""We all know the VP is not strong and will never be able to tell Saleh no, even if all his powers are transferred,"" said senior bloc official Hasan Zaid. Saleh, in power since 1978, said he welcomes the council's efforts to help resolve the political crisis in his country. He has said he intends to step down but only under a peaceful and constitutional transition process. He has already promised not to run in the next round of elections. The United States, which has been allied with the Saleh government in its fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, has welcomed past Gulf council initiatives to resolve the crisis in Yemen. Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Authorities in Azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. Embassy in the capital, Baku, prompting the facility to close its doors to the public Monday, Azerbaijan and U.S. officials told CNN. The Bibi Heybat Mosque, just outside the capital Baku. As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday ""following security concerns nearby,"" Britain's Foreign Office said. The terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside Baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group, two U.S. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for Azerbaijan's National Security Ministry told CNN. U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details ""are still unfolding,"" and the threat ""may or may not be"" linked to the Saturday raid. ""There were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the U.S. Embassy there,"" McCormack said, noting that no specific individuals were targeted. Several days ago, an Azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical Islamic group seized four assault rifles, a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of Baku, the ministry spokesman and U.S. officials said. Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga, about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku, the spokesman said. One suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep, the spokesman said. Several others are still at large, he added. He said the terror plot also targeted Azerbaijani government buildings. The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan to take precautions. ""While there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted, the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security,"" it said. Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic that borders the Caspian Sea, and lies just north of Iran. McCormack said U.S. authorities are working closely with their counterparts in Baku and will determine when normal embassy operations will resume. He said he expects the embassy to limit its operations on Tuesday, as well. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Igor Malakhov in Moscow, Zain Verjee in Washington and Roger Clark in London contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- African football champions TP Mazembe have been thrown out of the continent's Champions League competition after fielding an ineligible player. Tanzanian team Simba complained after the Congolese side included defender Janvier Bokungu in a second-round tie, which Mazembe won after triumphing in both legs. Mazembe then beat Morocco's Widad de Casablanca in the third round to reach the group stages of the tournament, which the club also won in 2009. The Confederation of African Football said in a statement on Saturday that Simba and Widad would play off at a neutral venue next week, with the winning team to take Mazembe's place in the eight-club group phase starting in July. War, diamonds and football: The amazing story of Congo's TP Mazembe . ""Following a complaint filed by Simba Sports of Tanzania following match 68 of the Orange Champions League, the Confederation of African Football launched an investigation on the eligibility of TP Mazembe's player named Janvier Besala Bokungu,"" it said on its website. ""The findings of the investigation were submitted to the Organizing Committee for CAF Interclubs Competitions. Based on those findings, the committee decided to disqualify TP Mazembe on the basis of Chapter VIII (Fraud), article 24, article 26 (Qualification of players) and article 29 of Orange CAF Champions League regulations."" Simba had complained that the 22-year-old Bokungu was still contracted to Tunisian team Esperance, where he moved from Mazembe in 2007. He has played at international level for the Democratic Republic of Congo. Football team owner determined to rebuild Congo . ""Janvier properly revoked his contract with Esperance and Mazembe have no problem with the player or his former club. He was acquired after a mutual agreement,"" Mazembe general manager Frederic Kitengie told reporters in quotes carried by the AFP news agency. Mazembe's punishment ends the club's hopes of a third successive African title, and another trip to the FIFA Club World Cup. Last year the Congolese team stunned Brazilian team Internacional before losing in the final to European champions Inter Milan, becoming the first African side to make it that far."
"(CNN) -- A Texas couple charged with killing the little girl known as ""Baby Grace"" now face capital murder charges, after a Texas grand jury upgraded the charges on Wednesday. Riley Ann Sawyers was moved from Ohio to Texas by her mother. Prosecutors said they have not decided whether to seek the death penalty against the girl's mother, Kimberly Dawn Trenor, and Trenor's husband, Royce Clyde Zeigler II. Two-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers was beaten to death and her body was disposed of in Galveston Bay. Riley's body was found October 29 by a fisherman on an uninhabited island in the bay. It was wrapped in black plastic bags and stuffed in a blue, plastic bin. Her identity was not known at first, and police dubbed her ""Baby Grace."" Police sketches of the child were widely distributed, and Sheryl Sawyers, the girl's paternal grandmother, contacted police from her Ohio home to say the drawing resembled her granddaughter. DNA testing confirmed the child's identity. Trenor, 19, and Zeigler, 24, were initially charged with injury to a child and tampering with evidence. But since the initial charges were filed last month the investigation has continued and police have gathered additional evidence, in addition to confirming Riley's identity, said a statement released Wednesday by Galveston County Criminal District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk. Based on that, the grand jury was asked to upgrade the charges, he said. A three-hour hearing was held Wednesday in which grand jurors heard testimony from five witnesses, including police and FBI investigators and the medical examiner. The grand jury deliberated for only three minutes Wednesday before upgrading the charges, Sistrunk said. Trenor told police Riley had been beaten and thrown across a room and that her head was held under water before she died July 24. She said the couple hid the girl's body in a storage shed for one to two months before putting it in the plastic container and dumping it into the bay. A medical examiner said Riley's skull was fractured in three places that would have been fatal injuries. Trenor and the girl moved to Texas from Ohio in May to be with Zeigler, who Trenor had met online. Sistrunk said the investigation is continuing, and a decision on whether to seek the death penalty will not be made until its conclusion. E-mail to a friend ."
By . Steve Doughty . PUBLISHED: . 18:23 EST, 16 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:39 EST, 17 May 2013 . One in four people no longer believes in any religion, official analysis of national census returns found yesterday. It revealed Christianity is in decline and Christians are increasingly likely to be older or retired people. Many young people, young men in particular, appear to be rejecting religious belief altogether. Nearly one in three under-25s  32 per cent  say they do not have a religion. Dwindling: The number of Christians in Britain has fallen by 4.1million in the past decade . The rise of atheism has gathered pace in the decade since 2001, the census showed, a period when churches found themselves under pressure from equality laws and secular groups. At the same time the UKs second-biggest religion, Islam, frequently found itself on the defensive because of the actions of extremist groups. The 2011 census showed the number of Christians fell by 4.1million to 33.2million. Of these, only a third attend church outside of weddings, baptisms or funerals. There was a 45 per cent rise over the same period in those who say they have no religion, to 14.1million in 2001. While the decline of religion was at its fastest among young people, there has been an increase in the reporting of no religion across all groups between 2001 and 2011, the Office for National Statistics said. Change: Christianity is in decline and Christians are increasingly likely to be older or retired people . More than nine out of ten of those without religion are white and born in Britain, and they include the highest proportion of people who are in work of any group of believers or non-believers. The city where religion is in the greatest decline is Norwich, where 42.5 per cent of the population say they have no belief. But there are five areas where more than half those under 25 say they have no religion: Norwich and Brighton and Hove in England, and Blaenau Gwent, Caerphilly, and Rhondda Cynon Taf in Wales. The most Christian area in England and Wales was Knowsley on Merseyside, where more than four out of five people, 81 per cent, professed Christianity.
"Washington (CNN) -- The Department of Homeland Security on Thursday extended permission for hundreds of pilots to carry firearms -- just hours before their certification to carry the weapons was to expire, according to an organization which represents the pilots. ""A few hundred"" Federal Flight Deck Officers -- or FFDOs -- were to lose their certification to carry firearms effective midnight on New Year's Eve, said Mike Karn, executive vice president of the Federal Flight Deck Officer Association. The loss would have come at a time of heightened concern about air security because of the attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 on Christmas Day. But Karn said the DHS's Federal Air Marshal program notified him Thursday afternoon that the pilots' certification would be extended. A Transportation Security Administration official confirmed that certifications had been extended for six months ""in light of recent events."" The official said that ""due to an internal miscommunication, scheduled notifications to these officers were prematurely issued,"" but he offered no further explanation. FFDOs are commercial pilots who volunteer to undergo training so they can carry weapons to protect their aircraft. They undergo initial training at federal law enforcement training academies and must re-qualify with firearms every six months, and undergo a two-day recurrent training every three to five years. ""I'm grateful [for the extension] because that will keep the most cost-effective last line of defense [of aircraft] in place,"" Karn said. ""But I'm still concerned that such a limited budget has been approved for this program, and volunteers who want to protect the American public will be turned away."" Karn said the budget for the program has not increased since 2003, effectively capping the number of armed pilots. The exact number of FFDOs is classified, but government officials have said in the past the number greatly exceeds the number of federal air marshals -- plain-clothed officers who fly in the cabin of the plane to protect aircraft. Several FFDOs contacted by CNN said DHS has made getting recurrent training onerous for pilots, limiting the number and sizes of classes. Pilots also must pay for their own hotels and food during training -- ""our own time and our own dime,"" said one pilot -- placing a further burden on them. Had the loss of certification occurred, it would not have affected the pilots' flight clearance, only their ability to carry weapons."
(CNN) -- Hosts Sri Lanka are through to their second successive Cricket World Cup final after beating New Zealand by five wickets in Colombo on Tuesday. The Black Caps struggled throughout their innings, failing to use their allocated 50 overs before eventually being skittled out for just 217 in 48.5 overs. And although Sri Lanka wobbled in their reply, Thilan Samaraweera (23 not out) and Angelo Mathews (14 not out) saw them home with a crucial 35-run stand as the home side made 220-5 off  47.5 overs -- inflicting a sixth semifinal defeat on New Zealand. As well as the significance of a World Cup semifinal, the match also marked the last apperance on home soil for legendary Sri Lankan spin bowler Muttiah Muralitharan. The 38-year-old, who is the most successful Test and one-day bowler in cricket history, went out in style, taking his 534th one-day wicket off his very last ball. Muralitharan had New Zealand top scorer Scott Styris (57) lbw to send the 38,000-crowd at the R. Premadasa stadium into wild scenes of celebration. It was one of Muralitharan's two wickets, with Ajantha Mendis (3-35) and Lasith Malinga (3-55) also successful as New Zealand rarely threatened to post a score big enough to defend. In reply, Tillakaratne Dilshan (73) and skipper Kumar Sangakkara (54) helped Sri Lanka reach 160-1 to appear in total control. However, the loss of four wickets for just 25 runs threatened to derail Sri Lankan hopes before Samaraweera and Mathews steered them to their victory target. The victory moves 1996 champions Sri Lanka into their third final and, after finishing runners-up to Australia in 2007, they will be looking to make amends when they face either India or Pakistan in Saturday's final in Mumbai. Those two rivals face each other in Mohali on Wednesday in one of the most  eagerly anticipated matches in recent history.
"New York (CNN) -- The son of an Oscar-winning composer was indicted Thursday in the strangulation death of his girlfriend, whose body was found last week in a New York hotel bathtub. The details of the indictment of Nick Brooks, 24, are sealed and will not be revealed until his next court appearance, on January 4, said Manhattan District Attorney spokeswoman Joan Vollero. Police say the bruised body of swimsuit designer Sylvie Cachay, 33, was found at the exclusive Soho House club and hotel. Brooks, whose father, Joseph Brooks, is the music director who produced the song ""You Light Up My Life,"" was arraigned on charges of attempted murder and strangulation, police said. He pleaded not guilty. His attorney, Jeffrey C. Hoffman, said Brooks believes at least one other person had been in the room. ""I believe he is, in fact, not guilty,"" Hoffman said. According to court documents, police said the only person in the hotel room with Cachay, besides Brooks, was a hotel employee who delivered ice and was inside for about one minute. Brooks escorted the employee into the room and remained after the worker left, police said. Authorities said they relied on interviews with hotel employees and surveillance videos from the location. On Sunday, Cachay's brother said -- in comments issued through her spokeswoman -- that his parents ""are devastated by the loss of their daughter, so much so that they cannot make a coherent statement at this time."" ""Nobody should have to make arrangements to bury a child,"" Patrick Orlando-Cachay said in the statement. ""It's a day-by-day grieving and healing process."" Police said they are investigating a time frame in which the killing occurred. Cachay's body sustained bruising on the neck and bite marks, and was found clothed in the hotel room bathtub, the spokesman said. An autopsy indicated that the designer suffered injuries that were consistent with neck compression, court records show. Cachay suffered internal hemorrhaging, injuries to her scalp and cuts to her lips and mouth. The medical examiner's office will provide more details surrounding Cachay's death ""pending toxicology and tissue testing, which would take a few weeks,"" spokeswoman Grace Burgess said. ""Sylvie Cachay was one of those rare individuals who truly sparkled when she spoke,"" said publicist Kate Godici. ""She will be deeply and painfully missed, yet celebrated, honored and never forgotten."""
"(CNN) -- Fighting in the volatile Sudanese region of Darfur has sparked another wave of refugees into Chad and left a Red Cross employee dead, according to international agencies. Refugee camps in eastern Chad house about 300,000 people who fled violence in the Darfur region of Sudan. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said on Monday that more than 12,000 people have fled militia attacks over the last few days from Sudan's Darfur region to neighboring Chad, still recovering from a recent attempt by rebels there to topple the government. ""Most of the new arrivals in Chad had already been displaced in Darfur in recent years. They are really tired of being attacked and having to move,"" said UNHCR's Jorge Holly. ""All the new refugees we talked to said they did not want to go back to Darfur at this point, they wanted to be transferred to a refugee camp in eastern Chad."" This latest influx of refugees in Chad aggravates an already deteriorating security situation across this politically unstable region of Africa. Before the latest flight into Chad, the UNHCR and its partner groups ""were taking care of 240,000 Sudanese refugees in 12 camps in eastern Chad and some 50,000 from Central African Republic in the south of the country."" Up to 30,000 people in Chad fled the country for Cameroon during the rebel-government fighting. The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Monday that one of its employees was killed in western Darfur last week during fighting. The victim is a 45-year-old Sudanese national and father of six children. He was killed in the area of Seleia, one of the three towns where reported government-backed Janjaweed militia attacks on Friday left around 200 people dead. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon last week deplored the acts, urged all parties to stop hostilities, and said ""all parties must adhere to international humanitarian law, which prohibits military attacks against civilians."" The United Nations says ""more than 200,000 people have been killed and 2.2 million others forced to flee their homes since fighting began in 2003 among government forces, rebel groups and allied militia groups known as the Janjaweed."" The recent fight between Chad's government and rebels is seen as a proxy war over Darfur. Sudan's government believes Chad is supporting rebels in Darfur. Chad's government believes Sudan is supporting the rebels that moved on Chad's capital of N'Djamena. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- The leader of this week's coup in Guinea assured senior officials Thursday ""they are safe,"" a journalist with the state-run newspaper told CNN. Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara with Prime Minister Ahmed Tidiane Souare. Coup leader Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara met with Prime Minister Ahmed Tidiane Souare and about 30 other top officials at a military camp in Conakry, the nation's capital, said Ousmane Barry, a correspondent for the state-run Horoya newspaper. Camara has declared himself president of the National Council for Democracy, which he called a transitional body that will oversee the country's return to democracy. In effect, that makes Camara president of Guinea, which was thrown into turmoil Monday after the death of President Lansana Conte. Souare called Camara ""Mr. President"" at Thursday's meeting, which was witnessed by journalists, Barry said. The two men also discussed Conte's funeral, scheduled for Friday. Camara has suspended the government, constitution, political parties and trade unions and formed his own government, Africa News reporter Mamdou Dian Donghol Diallo told CNN on Wednesday. The newly formed government, made up of 26 military personnel and six civilians, is negotiating a power-sharing deal that would reflect its ethnic make-up, Diallo said. International institutions, including the African Union, have condemned the coup. ""What we want to see is the transition to a more democratic governing structure for the people of Guinea,"" U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said earlier this week. Guinea, in western Africa bordering the Atlantic Ocean, has had only two presidents since gaining independence from France in 1958. Conte came to power in 1984, when the military seized control of the government after the death of the first president, Sekou Toure. The country did not hold democratic elections until 1993, when Conte was elected president. He was re-elected in 1998 and 2003 amid allegations of electoral irregularities. Worsening economic conditions and dissatisfaction with corruption and bad governance prompted two massive strikes in 2006, the CIA World Factbook says. A third nationwide strike in early 2007 sparked violent protests that resulted in two weeks of martial law. To appease the unions and end the unrest, the Factbook says, Conte named a new prime minister in March 2007."
"(CNN) -- Rutgers University has suspended a sorority after police charged six of its members in a hazing investigation. The North Carolina-based headquarters of the Sigma Gamma Rho sorority also suspended the chapter at Rutgers, in New Brunswick, New Jersey. That means the sorority has ceased to be officially recognized and can accept no new recruits while the investigation is under way. Police have charged six sorority members with aggravated hazing, which a police spokesman Friday called a possible ""indictable offense."" Rutgers Police Lt. Richard Dinan said the six women were taken to the Middlesex County Adult Correctional Facility, and bail was set at $1,500 for each. At least four of the woman have posted bail, he said. He declined to give details of the alleged hazing, but said one woman sought medical attention for non-life-threatening injuries. Dinan told The Star-Ledger newspaper in Newark Wednesday that there were at least three victims, but police may identify more victims and more suspects. He said four sorority members were arrested Tuesday and two more on Wednesday. He said the hazing occurred at a university student apartment building, but he declined to give the location. The hazing began about the middle of January and went on for eight days, he said. Dinan also told the newspaper that the alleged victims were ""unofficial pledges"" because the alleged hazing did not occur during the university's recognized pledge period. Sigma Gamma Rho is a recognized sorority, but it does not have a sorority house in New Brunswick, Dinan said. The police officer said five of the undergraduates charged were from New Jersey: Vanessa Adegbite, 21, of Jersey City; Joana Bernard, 21, of West Orange; Kesha Cheron, 20, of Newark; Shawna Ebanks, 21, of East Orange; and Marie Charles, 21, of West Orange. Llana Warner, 20, is from New York City. E. J. Miranda, a spokesman for Rutgers, said a student and her parents reported the alleged hazing to the university administration Tuesday. According to the university's statement, ""After receiving this information, university officials contacted the police."" Miranda said he didn't know whether the sorority had had similar reports before. According to Rutgers, the university ""strictly prohibits all forms of hazing. Under the Code of Student Conduct, a student found to have engaged in hazing may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including expulsion."""
(Mashable)  -- The word on the street tonight is that Apple is toying with the idea of a much larger screen for the iPhone 5. Other iPhone 5 rumors include a slide-out keyboard and a more competitive camera. These rumors may have been spawned by glimpses of as-yet unfinished prototypes which may never come to market; they could be complete fiction. Or they could also represent part of the future of Apple's iconic phone. The bulk of this iPhone 5-related gossip comes from a Taiwanese blog with a high rate of accuracy on previous Apple leaks. The screen-size rumor comes from DigiTimes. The interesting thing about all these rumors is that each one suggests Apple is more concerned than ever about competing with Android devices, many of which feature huge screens, massive cameras and physical keyboards already. For example, many top-of-the-line Android models feature 8-megapixel cameras in contrast to the iPhone 4's 5-megapixel model. A couple devices in non-U.S. markets even top that spec; the Altek Leo features a 14-megapixel camera. Without question, the trend is toward more megapixels with every passing month. And some of these Android devices feature screens as large as 4.3 inches. Android devices with screens in the 4-inches-and-over category often sport kickstands and are lauded for their multimedia capabilities -- or derided for being slightly impractical and unwieldy, depending on the user's perspective. Mashable: iPad 2 rumored to have SD card slot . Now, the iPhone 5 is rumored to have a camera between 8 megapixels (competitive with current Android phones) and 12 megapixels (blowing most current Android models out of the water and likely keeping pace with future Androids, too). With a better camera and a larger screen, it might sport the specs to intrigue those whose loyalties lie with the best hardware over the brand name. The physical keyboard rumor, however, is a horse of a different color. A handful of Android and RIM devices have been holding sway over the business and content-creating crowd with their ber-efficient text entry. But the enterprise isn't a market Apple has typically courted in the past; to do so now, we suspect they'd have to have a virtual keyboard option alongside a physical keyboard option -- an extremely atypical move for the company. Which of these rumors -- if any -- do you think are true? Give us your opinion in the comments.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
"MUMBAI, India (CNN) -- The children in their party outfits on the red carpet were in full agreement with the woman in the middle of the slum: ""It's unbelievable!"" Azharuddin Ismail and Rubina Ali got to leave their homes in Mumbai to go to Hollywood for the Oscars. Nine-year-old Rubina Ali and Azharuddin Ismail, 10, were living a very different life and apparently loving every minute of it. The two, some of the child stars of the Oscar-winning ""Slumdog Millionaire"" movie, know the Indian slum well. It's where they've grown up, and it's where they will return at the end of their Hollywood dream trip. But before that, there was the red carpet and an interview with E! host Ryan Seacrest, where they grinned and repeated their disbelief at what was happening to them. ""Unbelievable. I never thought it would be an Oscar, this movie,"" said another of the children, Ayush Mahesh Khedekar. Then it was to the awards show itself, where their movie won first for its cinematography, script and music. Toward the end of the evening, Danny Boyle picked up best director, and then Rubina, Azharuddin and many of the movie's other stars got to storm the stage with producer Christian Colson to collect the best picture award. By that time, it was late morning in the children's home city of Mumbai, where family, friends and many fellow residents of the slum watched the results from Hollywood.  Watch how Mumbai celebrated  . ""I don't really know what the Oscars are,"" Rubina's mom said. ""I'm just glad my daughter looks happy, though she told me she misses Indian food."" The Oscar success of ""Slumdog"" distracted some from the drudgery of their daily lives. But the poverty and lack of opportunity that's a central theme of the film is always all around. ""Our children lead a dog's life,"" Rubina's mother said, pointing out garbage everywhere, the open drains and the lack of education opportunities. That at least may change for Rubina and Azharuddin. In a few days they will be back in Mumbai and back in the slums that are their home.  Watch how 'Slumdog Millionaire' dominated at the Academy Awards  . But, according to media reports, Boyle has promised to help the children he plucked from the obscurity of the slum and see that they will now get to go to a proper school."
"Norfolk, Virginia (CNN) -- Two of three Navy SEALs accused in the alleged assault of an Iraqi suspected of orchestrating the 2004 killing and mutilation of four U.S. contractors in Falluja will have their cases heard in Iraq, a judge ruled Monday. Petty Officer 2nd Class Jonathan Keefe, 25, is charged with dereliction of duty and impeding an official investigation surrounding the Iraqi's detention last September. Petty Officer 1st Class Julio Huertas, 28, faces similar charges. The Iraqi suspect, Ahmed Hashim Abed, complained to investigators he was punched during his detention. The case against the Navy SEALs has sparked outrage that the sailors are being tried at all for handling a suspect in the contractors' murders, one of the most notorious incidents in the Iraq war. The killings got widespread news coverage when the burned bodies of two of the contractors were paraded through the streets of Falluja and hanged from a bridge as their captors cheered. At a preliminary hearing in military court the judge, Cmdr. Tierney Carlos, announced he wants the cases of Keefe and Huertas moved to Camp Victory in Iraq to give them the ability to question the alleged victim in court. ""It doesn't make sense to me that the alleged victim is available for deposition and not available for trial,"" Carlos said in making his ruling for Keefe. ""In order to prevent prejudice to the accused, this case should be tried in Iraq."" Keefe's attorney had requested that the alleged victim be brought to the United States for questioning. ""This deposition will not be a substitute for the alleged victim's appearance,"" the judge said. Petty Officer 2nd Class Matthew McCabe, the other SEAL, is accused of assaulting the detainee and punching him in the stomach. He faces a special court martial Wednesday. The charges against all three are the equivalent of misdemeanors in civilian court. If found guilty, the SEALs face a maximum sentence of a year in a military prison, demolition to the lowest Navy rank, a cut in pay, and a bad conduct discharge. ""Their military careers would be over,"" one of their attorneys told CNN."
"(CNN) -- A hacker publicly posted Wednesday the home addresses and other information of all 102 police officers with San Francisco's Bay Area Transit system, the second hacking incident against one of its websites since Sunday, a spokesman said. The website for the BART Police Officers Association was broken into Wednesday morning, and the names and phone numbers of its entire membership were also posted publicly on the Internet, BART spokesman James K. Allison said. The officers association, or union, took down their website after the hacking incident, Allison said. It wasn't clear Wednesday who was to blame for the latest hacking incident. In the prior hacking incident on Sunday, members of the well-known hacking group Anonymous took credit in online messages for breaking into a link off BART's website, and information from BART's internal network was posted, including phone numbers of hundreds of people. BART has been at the center of controversy about shootings by its officers, the latest being last month that resulted in the death of Charles Hill, 45. BART officials denounced Wednesday's hacking. ""We condemn this latest attack on the working men and women of BART,"" interim general manager Sherwood Wakeman said in a statement. ""We are deeply concerned about the safety and security of our employees and their families. We stand behind them and our customers who were the subject of an earlier attack. We are deeply troubled by these actions."" Meanwhile, protestors are planning to hold demonstrations next Monday at BART's Civic Center subway station, and transit system officials are planning to beef up security, Allison said. ""We're getting prepared to keep our customers safe as always,"" Allison told CNN. Last Thursday, protestors tried to organize a public demonstration, but BART officials cut off cell phone signals at some subway stations ""as one of many tactics to ensure the safety of everyone on the platform,"" officials said. But the decision to cut cell service was criticized by civil liberty organizations, the San Francisco Chronicle's editorial page and others. The August 11 protests never materialized. After the transit system's shut down cell phone signals, Anonymous threatened in a news release and related Twitter pages that it would make a cyberattack Sunday on the BART website. Then, on Monday night, BART officials temporarily opened and closed downtown subway stations to stem the threat of spreading protests, with police officers in riot gear standing at the Civic Center station. Only small groups of protestors gathered on the streets to criticize BART and its officers' shooting incidents."
"(CNN) -- African soccer star Emmanuel Adebayor has revealed that he is quitting international football in the wake of the deadly gun attack on the Togo team bus in Angola in January. Adebayor was national captain, but said on Monday that he no longer wanted to represent his country following the events which saw two people killed and several injured after rebels fired on the bus en route to the Africa Cup of Nations. ""I have made the very difficult decision to retire from international football,"" the 26-year-old striker told the Web site of his English club Manchester City. ""I have weighed up my feelings in the weeks and months since the attack, and I am still haunted by the events which I witnessed on that horrible afternoon on the Togo team bus. ""We were just footballers going to play a football match and represent our country, yet we were attacked by people who wanted to kill us all. It is a moment I will never forget and one I never want to experience again."" After deciding not to take part in the tournament, Togo were suspended from the next two stagings of the two-yearly event and fined $50,000. Adebayor returned to England later in January after taking time out to recover from the ordeal, and his 13 goals this season have helped City claim fourth place in the Premier League to be on the brink of earning a place in Europe's top club competition. ""Togo have some very talented players, and I dearly hope the players who remain will be able to put their memories of Angola behind them and go on to be a success for the nation,"" the 2008 African Footballer of the Year said. ""I have enormous belief in each and every one of them: players, coaches, staff and their families. The people who were on that coach together will forever be joined by a special bond -- we are all brothers. ""I will always have the team and the people of Togo close to my heart, and wish them every success in the challenges that they will face in the future."" Adebayor has played 38 times for his country since making his international debut in 2000, scoring 16 times. ""Despite the events in Angola, I have some very good memories of my international career,"" he said. ""I feel very proud to have been trusted with the position of captain of the Togolese football team. Leading your country in international competition is the ultimate honor for any player."""
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- Pfizer is near a deal to buy rival drugmaker Wyeth for $68 billion, according to news reports late Sunday citing people familiar with the deal. Pfizer's world headquarters is in New York. A deal was imminent and likely to be announced Monday, The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times reported. ""It is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation,"" said Michael Lampe, a Wyeth representative. Pfizer was not immediately available for comment. Pfizer, the world's leading drugmaker in terms of sales, has been in talks to buy Wyeth. Pfizer's stock slipped 1 percent on the news Friday, while Wyeth gained about 8 percent. On January 13 Pfizer said it was cutting up to 8 percent of its R&D staff, about 800 jobs. Spokesman Raymond Kerins said that was to ""raise productivity."" But analysts say Pfizer is clearly trying to beef up its drug pipeline through an acquisition, adding that the company seems to have given up on its own R&D staff coming up with a blockbuster to replace Lipitor. This cholesterol-cutting drug peaked in 2006 with nearly $13 billion in annual sales but will lose its patent protection in 2011, when generic versions will become available. Les Funtleyder, pharma analyst for Miller Tabak, said Pfizer is ""not feeling that they're getting the efficiency out of their R&D unit."" He said Pfizer would probably rather do a deal with Wyeth over other competitors, because there is less overlap in the companies' pipelines. Funtleyder said Pfizer already has a diabetes franchise, which would overlap with Eli Lilly & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb, both of which also focus on diabetes treatments. Pfizer probably has its eyes on Wyeth's Alzheimer's drug pipeline, he said. But he cautions that a merger won't be a success unless Wyeth's pipeline is successful, which remains to be seen, he said. ""If Wyeth comes out with an Alzheimer's drug that works, then the deal works,"" he said. Pfizer is probably also focused on Wyeth's blockbuster children's vaccine Prevnar, as well as its experimental biotech drugs, said Michael Krensavage of Krensavage Asset Management. Sales of Prevnar, which combats meningitis and blood infections, jumped 12 percent in the first nine months of 2008 compared with the same period the prior year, to $2.1 billion. If a deal does go through, Funtleyder warns, Wyeth staffers should brace for layoffs. ""I can say with pretty good confidence that this is going to lead to some head count reduction,"" he said."
"(CNN)  -- The Public Utility Commission of Texas will review the case of a cancer patient fighting to keep her electricity on to power her oxygen machine, the commission told CNN on Wednesday. Mable Randon, who has stage 4 cancer, was denied help paying for electricity, which she needs to power her oxygen tank. CNN affiliate KHOU of Houston, Texas, said calls poured in from as far away as Connecticut after the station aired its story on Mable Randon, a stage 4 cancer patient who received a cutoff notice after she fell behind on her bills. ""I'm on a set income,"" she told KHOU. ""My husband lost his job. He finds a little work every now and then, but it's hard."" She applied to CenterPoint Energy's Critical Care Program which helps maintain service for people who depend on electric-powered life support systems, but she was rejected. ""I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me,"" said Randon, who uses a wheelchair. ""I just thought they'd make some kind of exception for me."" Randon's power will stay on until the commission examines the facts in the case, said Terry Hadley, spokesman for the commission. CenterPoint told Randon she failed to meet the criteria. Spokeswoman Alicia Dixon told KHOU that Randon could have bought a battery-powered oxygen machine. The critical care program has thousands of applicants, and only 300 of them have been accepted, she said. ""This program is a communication program, not a guarantee of uninterrupted power, even to customers who are on the list,"" she said. Since the rejection, Randon said she is ""up and down all night,"" partly because she is worried about whether the power will be on when she wakes up. ""They have no consideration for life,"" she said. ""It's just like they don't care."" CenterPoint spokeswoman Leticia Lowe said the company does not send electric bills; it merely owns the wires and poles and is directed to disconnect power by retail electric providers. Randon's electric company is Freedom Power, she said. CNN's attempts to contact Freedom Power were unsuccessful Wednesday. As of Tuesday, CenterPoint had not received a notice from Freedom Power to disconnect Randon's service, Lowe said. Following the KHOU report, CenterPoint received calls from viewers, she said. But the company can do nothing since they don't bill Randon. CNN's Divina Mims contributed to this report."
(CNN) -- An explosive century from birthday boy Ross Taylor helped New Zealand crush Pakistan by 110 runs and go top of their group at the Cricket World Cup. Taylor hit an unbeaten 131 off just 124 balls as the Kiwis smashed an incredible 100 runs off the final five overs of their innings. New Zealand looked set to post a modest total as they labored to 164-4 with ten overs remaining but fireworks from Taylor -- who hit seven sixes -- and Jacob Oram saw them amass 138 more runs. Finishing on 302-7 off their 50 overs the Kiwis shell shocked Pakistan, who contributed to their own downfall with sloppy fielding and poor bowling. Pakistan then slumped to 23-4 in their reply and only a partnership of 66 between Abdul Razzaq (62) and Umar Gul (34 not out) added a modicum of respectability to their total of 192. The only negative for New Zealand was an injury to their captain Daniel Vettori who limped off after diving to stop a ball in the field. Martin Guptill got New Zealand off to a brisk start as he compiled 57 runs but it was Taylor who held the innings together. Brendon McCullum, Jamie How and James Franklin went for low totals but Scott Styris steadied the ship with 28 runs. At 164-4 though, New Zealand were looking as if they would post a below-par total. Taylor was dropped twice early in his innings, with wicketkeeper Kamran Akmal at fault, but he made the most of his reprieve with some devastating hitting, taking 24 runs off a Shoaib Akhtar over and 30 off one from Abdul Razzaq. Jacob Oram also chipped in with three sixes as New Zealand transformed their innings and finished with 302. Tim Southee then took three wickets as Pakistan faltered in their reply with Styris, Kyle Mills and Nathan McCullum also taking two wickets apiece. New Zealand are now top of Group A, replacing Pakistan. Elsewhere, England were dealt another injury blow after bowler Stuart Broad was ruled out of the World Cup. Broad is suffering from a side strain picked up in the win over South Africa and will return to England soon. His injury comes just two days after batsman Kevin Pietersen was forced to pull out of the tournament with a hernia. His replacement, Eoin Morgan, joined up with the England squad on Tuesday.
"(CNN) -- Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro is rejoining Juventus after three years at Real Madrid, the Serie A club announced on their Web site on Tuesday. Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro won two Primera Liga titles during his three-year stay at Real Madrid. News of Cannavaro's return comes less than 24 hours after the Turin-based club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara. The 35-year-old Cannavaro was voted world player of the year after leading Italy to World Cup glory in 2006 and has helped Real to achieve two title triumphs during his stay in Spain. Cannavaro was in Italy on Monday for a charity match and told the Juventus Web site: ""I am happy to have returned to Turin and to have the opportunity to wear the black and white jersey again. ""I am sorry that for a section of the fans the anger for having been transferred is greater then the appreciation for the glorious seasons which we lived together. ""I am sure that I can convince the most sceptical through my work, professionalism and the passion with which I will face this new adventure"". Defender Cannavaro won two scudetti with Juventus, in 2005 and 2006, while the side are currently fighting to clinch third place behind champions Inter and their city rivals AC Milan. His one-year contract will come into force as from the start of July and club official Alessio Secco enthused: ""Fabio is a world champion, a golden ball winner and a great team-spirit builder. ""During the Summer of 2006 the club was forced to sell him due to great economic necessities. ""This year we took advantage of the natural expiration of Cannavaro's contract to bring him back to Turin and we are sure that his technical abilities will help Juventus become more competitive"". Cannavaro left Juventus after the club had been relegated to Serie B following the match-fixing allegations that rocked Italian football. He was born in Naples and played for them for three seasons before joining Parma where he won the UEFA Cup and two Italian Cups over a seven year period from 1995. Cannavaro, who has 124 caps for Italy, left Parma to join Inter Milan in 2002 but after only two seasons moved on to Juventus. New coach Ferrara is determined to take Juve straight into next season's Champions League group stage and said on Monday: ""I think the players need to understand that we're in a tight spot. ""They need to rediscover the right motivation to tackle our last two matches with the right attitude. The players need to rediscover their pride and the right motivation."""
"Washington (CNN) -- A famous French painting stolen during World War I by the German Army was returned to the government of France by U.S. officials on Thursday. The 1876 Jules Breton work is called ""A Fisherman's Daughter/Mender of Nets"" or to the people of France it's ""Une Fille de Pecheur/Raccommodeuses de Filets."" In 1918 the German army confiscated that painting and others from the Musee de Douai in the city of Douai and transported them to Belgium. The following year the Belgium government went to return all the French works of art, but the ""Fisherman's Daughter/Mender of Nets"" was missing. Spring forward to 2010 and French officials alerted Interpol that the painting might have been imported by a gallery in New York City. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement investigators worked the case, concluded the painting in New York was the same one stolen from France more than 90 years ago and seized it. The painting, which is worth an estimated $150,000 dollars, was handed over to the French ambassador to the United States during a repatriation ceremony in Washington. ICE did not provide details about how the painting reached the gallery in New York or where it might have been in the decades since it was stolen. ""Returning a painting to a museum is a significant contribution to the celebration of our cultural heritage and a gift to all future visitors who will enjoy the work of art, but it is also yet another symbol of Franco-American cooperation,"" said French Ambassador Franois Delattre in a written statement. ""We are celebrating today a gesture of friendship by the United States toward the French Republic."" The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York worked on the case. ""One of the very few ways that we are able to redress the awful legacy of war is to return stolen art to its rightful owners so it can be shared and enjoyed, ""said U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara. ""In this case, it took nearly a century, but it is nonetheless extremely gratifying. ICE does numerous investigations into stolen art or cultural artifacts and has helped repatriate many other items to various nations. ""We remain committed to combating cultural heritage crimes, which are one of the oldest forms of organized cross-border illicit activity,"" said ICE Director John Morton."
"London, England (CNN) -- A letter written by Adolf Hitler in 1931 hoping for a ""truly cordial relationship"" between Britain and Germany goes on sale Tuesday and is estimated to fetch up to 12,000 at auction. The one-page letter was addressed to Sefton Delmer, a British journalist, in which Hitler expressed hopes of a new friendship between the two countries to replace the ""unhappy war-psychosis"" that existed after the First World War: . Hitler wrote the letter 16 months before he became chancellor and seized power in 1933. In the letter he said: ""I hope... that out of this crisis a new readiness will grow up in Britain to submit the past twelve years to a reappraisal. I should be happy, if as a result of this the unhappy war-psychosis could be overcome on such a scale as to permit the realization of the truly cordial relationship between the British and the German peoples so eagerly desired by myself and my movement. ""For I believe that the crisis now breaking in on us can only be solved by the closest political collaboration of those nations who see in the re-establishment of a natural European balance of power the first precondition to dealing with those great world problems under which Britain too suffers today."" Andrew Roberts, the British military and political historian, said the letter was a classic example of Hitler trying to lull Western democracies into a state of appeasement. Roberts said Hitler was saying there were underlying interests between Britain and Germany and that he wrote many such letters. ""He refers to 12 years which would make it 1919, the year the Versailles Treaty was signed... appeasement was his central message until the outbreak of war. Sefton Delmer would not have been taken in by any of this,"" said Roberts. Auctioneers at Bonhams in London said the letter has remained in Delmer's family until now but they could not release the name of the person selling it. Delmer was the Berlin correspondent of the Daily Express at the time when Hitler wrote the letter. He was born in Berlin and spent the first 15 years of his life there before his family were expatriated to the UK. He is reported to be the first British journalist to interview Hitler, who he later described as a rather ordinary looking man with hair that had been arranged too carefully."
"Paris, France (CNN) -- About three dozen survivors of last month's brutal attack on a Baghdad church have found refuge in France, where they have been given temporary status as asylum seekers. The 35 Iraqis, many of them with bullet and grenade wounds, arrived by plane in Paris on Monday night and were taken by ambulance to hospitals. Another group of 93 people is scheduled to arrive in the coming weeks, France's immigration ministry said. French Immigration Minister Eric Besson said France was offering refuge to 150 victims of the attack as a gesture of friendship and support to Christians who face hardships. ""France supports their desire to remain and live in peace on their land, where they have lived for centuries,"" Besson said. They will be issued a long-stay, renewable visa by the French Embassy in Baghdad, health coverage and a permit that allows them to work for at least six months. Besson said the government will help the Iraqis find jobs. A group called the Islamic State of Iraq claimed responsibility for the gruesome October 31 siege of the Sayidat al-Nejat cathedral that left 70 people dead and 75 wounded. The umbrella group includes a number of Sunni extremist organizations and has ties to al Qaeda in Iraq. Among the dead were women, children and two priests. It was one of the worst attacks against Iraq's dwindling Christian minority in recent years. ""It was five hours of terror, five hours where we didn't know whether we were going to live or die,"" said one of the survivors after arriving in Paris. Christians were once believed to have been a community of almost 1.5 million people in Iraq. But as many as half have fled the country since the war began in 2003. Syriac Orthodox Archbishop Athanasios Dawood in Britain has criticized the Iraqi government for failing to protect its minorities and has urged Iraqi Christians to flee their homeland. ""I say clearly and now -- the Christian people should leave their beloved land of our ancestors and escape the premeditated ethnic cleansing. This is better than having them killed one by one,"" said Dawood, according to prepared remarks he sent to CNN. The latest church attack victims are being welcomed as part of a French government program for Iraqis belonging to ""vulnerable religious minorities,"" Besson said. Since the program began in 2007, he said, France has welcomed 1,300 people under its auspices."
"(CNN) -- Fantasia Barrino did not deny an alleged relationship with a married man, but a statement from her manager said the singer-actress did not wreck his marriage. A North Carolina woman, in a child custody case filing, charged that Barrino carried on a year-long affair with her husband, Antwaun Cook, who is the father of her two young children. Paula Cook alleged her husband and the ""American Idol"" winner ""have at times recorded their illicit sexual activity,"" although her lawyer stopped short of explaining whether a sex video existed. The woman is seeking full custody of her sons, 2 and 6, along with child support, alimony, the family home and a car. The suit was filed last week in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. ""Fantasia is certain that she is not responsible for the deterioration of the Cook's marriage,"" manager Brian Dickens said in a statement to CNN Monday. Barrino has said in past interviews that she was friends with a married man, but she has consistently denied there was a sexual relationship. Photos of Barrino and Cook together, including on a personal watercraft and also walking hand-in-hand, have circulated on the internet for months. Paula Cook's petition said her husband ""frequents bars, restaurants, nightclubs and the like"" with Barrino. She accused her husband of enjoying ""the lavish benefits associated with the high-profile relationship."" ""Ms. Barrino flew defendant/husband to places such as Atlanta, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, and Barbados"" where he ""attended celebrity parties, concerts, photo shoots and award shows with Ms. Barrino."" The petition, which said the couple separated in June, described a phone conversation in July in which Barrino allegedly told the wife: ""He don't want you. ... Maybe the next time that you get a husband, you'll know how to keep him. ... That's why he is here with me."" While Barrino is not directly involved in the current legal case, North Carolina is one of only a few states that allow a spouse to sue a third party who interferes with a marriage for alienation of affection. ""Fantasia will weather this storm with the dignity and grace that she has exemplified throughout a life in which she has repeatedly overcome obstacles and challenges,"" Barrino's manager said. The High Point, North Carolina, native has enjoyed a successful recording and acting career since winning ""American Idol's"" third season."
"(CNN) -- A woman in outrageous flared trousers kisses the cheek of a young girl. A snake slithers around another woman wearing a two-piece bathing suit. And elsewhere, a camel crosses ponderously in front of a gleaming Rolls Royce. To Western eyes more used to the region portrayed through images of religion, conflict or conservative societies, it may come as a surprise to learn these photographs represent a snapshot of life in the Middle East. But these and 300,000 more gathered in an archive in Beirut tell a different story: One of a long-forgotten belle epoque of glamour and innocence. This sprawling photographic collection is the work of the Arab Image Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated safeguarding a local perspective often overshadowed by the works of Western photographers. ""We were interested in showing the Arab world as we know it; as we see it in our photographic album,"" foundation director Zeina Arida told CNN. This lovingly-curated collection boasts many gems, not least the noir-ish work of Van Leo, an Armenian-Egyptian portrait photographer who attracted the rich and famous to his Cairo studio. Active during the 1940s and 50s, Van Leo also pursued his own artistic vision, posing for fantasy self-portraits, re-imagining himself as a heroic pilot, prisoner -- or even a chiffon-robed young woman. Says Arida, Van Leo, whose work predates similar projects by celebrated American photographer Cindy Sherman by almost 40 years, is among several ""enthusiastic"" supporters of the 13-year-old foundation. But, with most of its funding coming from Europe and the United States, she says more Middle Eastern donors, who tend to back charitable rather than cultural organizations, need to step up to help preserve their own past. The foundation's new research center in Beirut, where white-gloved curators carefully handle the slides, plates, prints and negatives that make up the collection, should help, she says. It is hoped the research will offer new insight, not only into a golden era for the region, but also into the techniques of those who strove to capture it. Adds Arida: ""We do have important historical documents, but the main interest in these images were what the images can tell us about the relationship between the photographer and his clients."" CNN's Rima Maktabi contributed to this story ."
"Washington (CNN) -- Solicitor General Elena Kagan, President Obama's pick for the Supreme Court, has gone out of her way to avoid controversy during her legal career, but she can be seen and heard letting down her guard at times in videos posted on the Senate Judiciary Committee's website. Kagan's appearances at seminars, graduations and alumni dinners were recorded on video by the Harvard Law School, where she was dean. Highlights from the Kagan hearings . At a 2005 Harvard alumni awards dinner for Obama, then a U.S. senator, Kagan gushes over the man who would become president as ""her hero."" Recalling how she witnessed his speech to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, Kagan says, ""He said a few words and the place was mesmerized. You could have heard a pin drop and that's all in part because of these rock star qualities. The eloquence, the magnetism, the great looks, the brilliance."" At the law school in 2005, Kagan led a panel discussion in which former Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers was criticized as a ""stealth candidate."" ""Here's the first thing. How do you pronounce her name?"" Kagan asked to cackles in the audience. Miers, whom President Bush selected for the high court, withdrew her nomination following complaints she lacked legal heft. ""Honestly, the Republicans have a little bit of reason, you know, to, you know, want to know better who this person is too,"" Kagan added. Kagan shows funny side . Kagan, who is known among friends for having a wicked sense of humor, is seen on another video taking some digs at an event honoring Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. She jokingly said Scalia's Harvard law degree was, in her view, the best thing about him. The dean was injecting some humor into a 2008 panel discussion that featured CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin. ""Of course Jeff's greatest claim to fame is that he is my classmate, the HLS class of '86. He's my section mate, my study group mate, all right? Jeffrey taught me everything I know about law!"" Kagan joked to the audience. But her comments can also be serious. At a 2007 graduation ceremony for Harvard Law School graduates, she sharply criticized key members of the Bush White House over the administration's secret wiretapping program. Signaling out former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and ex-chief of staff Andy Card by name, Kagan blasted the program to secretly eavesdrop on phone conversations involving terror suspects. ""This is a story, to put it bluntly, of some lawyers who failed to respect the rule of law and of others ... who stood up for and vindicated it,"" Kagan said, praising former Justice Department official Jack Goldsmith who opposed portions of the wiretapping program."
"(CNN) -- Somalia's transitional government has the right to request military help from its neighbors against armed militants, the African Union said Monday, but Kenya was quick to reject the idea of sending troops and suggested the AU should spearhead such a move. Islamist insurgents patrol part of Mogadishu during clashes with government forces. Somali parliament speaker Sheikh Adan Madowe on Saturday called on Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya and Yemen to send in their military forces to help government troops stop hardline Islamist militants from taking over. ""Militants are wrestling the power from the government and so we call for military help from neighboring countries,"" the speaker said at a news conference in Mogadishu. ""Please send your military to help in 24 hours' time."" But Alfred Mutua, spokesman for the Kenyan government, told CNN that ""Kenya doesn't engage in military support to our neighbors."" He said that any such support would be under the umbrella of the African Union. However, he did say that ""different types of support can be given, not just military, and Kenya's options are open."" He said that the government should announce by Wednesday how it will move forward. Jean Ping, chairman of the African Union Commission, said in a communique issued Sunday that the transitional government, as Somalia's legitimate government, ""has the right to seek support from AU Member States and the larger international community."" Ping also said that the AU would ""continue to do its utmost to assist the Somali people and its authorities in their lasting quest for peace and reconciliation."" Somalia's call for help came hours after a third top politician was killed in ongoing fighting in the capital. Mohamed Hussein Adow, a powerful member of parliament who was leading the fight against the Islamists, was slain Friday in the north of the city. His death came two days after Islamists killed Internal Security Minister Omar Hashi Adan in a suicide attack in central Somalia. The nation's former ambassador to Ethiopia, Abdikarin Farah Laqanyo, was also killed, along with at least 11 others, government officials said. Madowe said a Pakistani militant who is a high-ranking official in al Qaeda is leading the fighting in Somalia against the government. He warned that militants will spread fighting into the rest of the region if they topple the government in Somalia. Mohammed Amiin Adow contributed to this report for CNN ."
(CNN) -- A late penalty by Asamoah Gyan handed Ghana a deserved 1-0 victory against Serbia in the opening Group D match played in Pretoria on Sunday. The striker, who plays for French club Rennes, emphatically converted from the spot past Vladimir Stojkovic in the 84th minute to the obvious delight of the partisan crowd. The victory was the first by an African team at this year's World Cup. Ghana were awarded their penalty after Serbia substitute Zdravko Kuzmanovic needlessly hand-balled a cross which looked to be drifting harmlessly out of his team's penalty area. Amid delirious celebrations of the African supporters in the Loftus Versfeld Stadium, Serbia struggled to find an equalizer and it was Ghana, the four-time African champions, who should have made it 2-0 before the final whistle. Who's creating a World Cup Twitter Buzz? Ghana -- popularly known as the Black Stars -- started the match at a high tempo and created chances throughout the match, never allowing the Serbian defense to settle. This attacking pattern was set early on when Rosenborg midfielder Anthony Annan volleyed the ball wide after two minutes and Ghana's captain John Mensah headed a free kick wide of the far post in the 19th minute. Ghana continued to press forward in the second half and came closest to scoring when Gyan rose high above the Serbian defense meeting a long throw from John Pantsil, only to head the ball just wide of Stojkovic's left post. Serbia created fewer chances than their opponents but probably had the better opportunities to score. CNN's World Sport blog . The giant Serbia striker Nikola Zigic should have given his country the lead in the 58th minute when he met Dejan Stankovic's cross at the far post but his control let him down and the ball dribbled away to safety. And later, when Serbia had been reduced to 10 men after Aleksandar Lukovic received his second yellow card in the 73rd minute, Serbia squandered a fantastic opportunity to break the deadlock. Striker, Danko Lazovic broke away from Fulham's John Pantsil on the left goal-line and managed to cut the ball back into the middle of the area which Milos Krasic then struck fiercely at goalkeeper Richard Kingson, who parried the ball to safety. The resulting corner saw Manchester United's Nemanja Vidic narrowly head over the crossbar. Serbia meet Germany next Friday in Port Elizabeth, while Ghana play Australia in Rustenburg on Saturday.
"(CNN) -- With the movie ""Zombieland"" sitting on top at the box office, fans of the walking dead got another grisly, ghoulish treat on Wednesday. ""He's so meticulous,"" author Max Brooks said of ""Recorded Attacks"" illustrator Ibraim Roberson: . ""The Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks,"" the latest in the series of zombie chronicles by author Max Brooks, is a graphic novel that looks at the undead menace throughout history. ""When I wrote 'Zombie Survival Guide,' I always wanted to come back to the historic attacks at the end of the book,"" said Brooks, whose ""World War Z"" is in development to become a movie. View a gallery of essential zombie movies . In the book, illustrated by Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson, cavemen, the Roman legions and African slaves all battle the undead with varying degrees of success. ""More than a zombie nerd or a science fiction nerd, I'm a history nerd,"" said Brooks. ""I was a history major in college -- history is probably the only subject that allowed me to graduate high school."" And in a move sure to please genre fans -- Brooks might say ""genre nerds"" -- there's even a scrap in feudal Japan between zombies and ninjas. ""It's never a bad thing to put zombies and ninjas together,"" said Brooks, whose father is comedy legend Mel Brooks. In looking for the right artist to set his story to a comic format, Brooks said he reviewed lots of artists before settling on Roberson. ""He's head and shoulders above most people illustrating today,"" Brooks said. ""The book itself is unique and I wanted a unique look. His artwork is unlike anything else I've ever seen, zombies or otherwise ... . He's so meticulous."" But turning his work into a two-person job required some extra effort. The former ""Saturday Night Live"" writer said he hadn't worked with a collaborator since being on the show. Roberson was in Brazil during the writing of the book. ""It was definitely a new world for me to sharpen my communication skills,"" he said. ""Usually, the way I worked was brain to pen to paper. Now it was brain to e-mail."" Next up for Brooks, he said, is a writing project he deems ""top secret"" and a comic-book mini-series for IDW Publishing detailing the classic comic/action figure characters of ""G.I. Joe."" ""They're not continuing stories,"" he said of the project with the working title, ""Hearts and Minds. ""They're up-close and personal stories for G.I. Joe and Cobra characters."""
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- A Syrian arms dealer was sentenced to 30 years in a U.S. federal prison for conspiring to sell weapons as part of a plot to kill Americans in Colombia, according to prosecutors. Syrian-born arms dealer Monzer al-Kassar, seen in a file photo, tried to sell weapons to undercover U.S. agents. Monzer al-Kassar was also ordered Tuesday to forfeit all of his assets, according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York. Al-Kassar's co-defendant Luis Felipe Moreno Godoy received a 25-year prison sentence for his role in the conspiracy. Both men were convicted in November of five charges, including conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals, conspiracy to acquire and export anti-aircraft missiles, conspiracy to provide support for FARC guerrillas in Colombia, and money laundering. The federal indictment paints al-Kassar as an international arms dealer with a hand in conflicts in nearly every part of the world, with a web of bank accounts and front companies across Europe and the Middle East. Al-Kassar was arrested in Spain in 2007 on a U.S. warrant and his associate Moreno Godoy was arrested in Romania. Both were extradited to the United States. The arrests stemmed from an undercover sting operation involving U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agents posing as members of FARC. During the 16-month operation, the agents arranged to buy more than 12,000 weapons from the two men, according to the indictment. Al-Kassar agreed to provide surface-to-air missiles for the FARC to shoot down American helicopters, and also offered to send 1,000 men to fight with the FARC, plus explosives and men who could train the FARC in how to use them, the indictment charged. Al-Kassar demanded 3,500,000 euros ($4.4 million) as ""partial payment"" for the weapons, it said. Justice Department officials say al-Kassar has been a source of weapons and military equipment for armed combatants since the 1970s. Kassar had told journalists before he was arrested that he had retired from arms dealing, but the United States says he had been involved since the 1970s, providing weapons and military equipment to armed factions in Nicaragua, Cyprus, Bosnia, Croatia, Iran, Iraq, Somalia, and elsewhere. CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Utah is the nation's fastest growing state, increasing 2.5 percent from July 2007 to July 2008, according to new population estimates from the Census Bureau. Barack Obama greets one of the newest members of the U.S. population this year on the campaign trail. The main reason for Utah's growth is a ""natural increase"" -- births minus deaths -- said Census Bureau demographer Greg Harper. ""Utah has a strong rate of natural increase and domestic migration, where more people move into the state and [are] not moving out,"" he said. ""Second is Arizona,"" Harper said. ""It grew by 2.3 percent, and the increase is due to domestic migration, meaning more people are moving into the state than moving out. Also, it's a natural increase, more people were born there than died."" Arizona is followed by Texas, North Carolina and Colorado, each with a 2.0 percent growth rate. Texas added more people than any other state -- about 500,000 -- making it the third-fastest growing state. Because it has a larger population size, its percentage growth was less than Utah. ""Nevada was last year's fastest-growing state, but it fell to eighth,"" said Harper. ""Overall, that state had been among the four fastest-growing states each of the past 23 years."" Only two states lost population: Michigan and Rhode Island, losing 0.5 and 0.2 percent respectively. Overall, Northeastern states are not growing as fast as other parts of the country, but they have been on the increase since 2005. The South added the most people during the period, 1.4 million. But Western states, with a 1.4 percent increase, saw the fastest growth rate. One state that has reversed its course of growth is Florida. A few years ago more than 250,000 people per year were moving there. But for 2007-2008, the state's 0.7 percent increase was below the nation's 0.9 percent overall increase. According to the estimates, the United States had a net gain of just over 2.7 million people from July 2007 to July 2008."
"(CNN) -- Sachin Tendulkar became the most-capped player in Test cricket on Tuesday as India began their battle to level the three-match series against Sri Lanka. The 37-year-old, known as the ""Little Master,"" took the field in the five-day format for the 169th time as he surpassed the mark set by former Australia captain Steve Waugh. Tendulkar did not have the immediate chance to add to his records of 48 Test centuries and 13,742 runs as Sri Lanka won the toss and decided to bat first at Colombo. The hosts reached 293-4 at the end of the opening day, with captain Kumar Sangakkara top-scoring on 75 and Thilan Samaraweera unbeaten on 65, while Mahela Jayawardene contributed 56. Opener Tharanga Paranavitana fell to Ishant Sharma for eight with the score at just 15, but Tillakaratne Dilshan added 87 with Sangakkara before falling just before the lunch break. Tendulkar hits double century as India head for Sri Lanka stalemate . Dilshan made 41 off 70 balls before being run out by close fielder Murali Vijay. Sangakkara was dropped on 23 by Suresh Raina off the bowling of Abhimanyu Mithun, but became the first of left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha's two victims on 157 when he was caught trying to loft down the ground. Samaraweera was then joined by Angelo Mathews (26), and they added an unbroken 53 against an Indian attack missing injured spinner Harbhajan Singh. Tendulkar adds biggest one-day score to his list of records . The tourists, who lost the first match and drew the second, conceded 22 extras and Harbhajan's replacement Amit Mishra was warned twice for running on the pitch. Meanwhile, former England all-rounder Andrew Flintoff has been ruled out for the rest of his country's domestic season as plans for his comeback from long-term knee problems ground to a halt. The 32-year-old has not played since the last Ashes match against Australia almost a year ago, when he retired from Test cricket to concentrate on limited-overs competitions. He has had two knee operations but is not yet ready to return, so will miss next month's Twenty20 Champions Trophy in South Africa with his Indian Premier League club Chennai Super Kings."
(CNN) -- Kenya has enjoyed a reputation as one of East Africa's most stable nations since achieving independence from the UK in 1963. Residents of the Mathare slum in Nairobi shout at demonstrators during violent clashes. But a booming tourism industry, impressive economic growth -- currently six percent a year according to The Economist -- and decades of peace in a region scarred by conflict have served to disguise widespread poverty, violent crime and corruption and simmering ethnic tensions. Tribal bonds remain stronger than national identity in Kenya, with the country's 36 million people claiming allegiance to around 40 different tribes. Last week's election pitched incumbent President Mwai Kibaki, a member of Kenya's largest Kikuyu tribe, against opposition leader Raila Odinga of the Luo tribe. The Kikuyu make up about 22 percent of Kenya's population. Mostly originating from Kenya's central highlands, the Kikuyu have long wielded strong economic and political power within the country. Kenya's first post-independence leader, Jomo Kenyatta, president from 1964 until 1978, was a Kikuyu. Kibaki, a government minister from 1965 until winning power as head of the Party of National Unity in elections five years ago, also enjoys the support of Kenyatta's successor, Daniel Arap Moi, a member of the Kalenjin tribe who ruled Kenya for 24 years from 1978 to 2002. The Luo make up around 13 percent of the population, mostly in the west of the country. But they also form a sizeable community in some of Nairobi's most notorious slums, such as the vast Kibera shantytown where Odinga enjoys strong support and where some of this week's fiercest violence has occurred. Odinga's Orange Democratic Movement is also backed by many members of the Luhya tribe, Kenya's second largest ethnic group, after Odinga promised to make a leading Luhya his deputy if elected. This week's violence came as election officials declared victory for Kibaki with 51.3 percent to 48.7 percent for Odinga in the closest presidential vote in Kenyan electoral history. But the result has been questioned by international election observers, throwing the country's political future into doubt. Kibaki's first election success in 2002 -- declared free and fair by international observers -- was hailed at the time as a step forward for Kenyan democracy. However, his term has been dogged by allegations of corruption and graft. E-mail to a friend .
"PORTSMOUTH, New Hampshire (CNN) -- Hillary Clinton became visibly emotional at a New Hampshire campaign event Monday after a friendly question from a voter. Sen. Hillary Clinton's eyes welled with tears as she spoke in New Hampshire Monday. At the close of a Portsmouth campaign stop, Marianne Pernold-Young, 64, asked Clinton: ""How do you do it? How do you keep up ... and who does your hair?"" Clinton said she had help with her hair on ""special days,"" and that she drew criticism on the days she did not. Then she added: ""It's not easy, and I couldn't do it if I just didn't, you know, passionately believe it was the right thing to do. ""You know, I have so many opportunities from this country, I just don't want to see us fall backwards,"" she said, her voice breaking a bit. The audience applauded. ""This is very personal for me, it's not just political, it's [that] I see what's happening, we have to reverse it,"" she said emotionally, adding that some ""just put ourselves out there and do this against some pretty difficult odds. ""But some of us are right and some of us are wrong. Some of us ready and some of us are not. Some of us know what we will do on day one, and some of us really haven't thought that through enough."" ""So as tired as I am and I am. And as difficult as it is to try and keep up what I try to do on the road, like occasionally exercise and try to eat right -- it's tough when the easiest food is pizza -- I just believe so strongly in who we are as a nation. So I'm going to do everything I can and make my case and you know the voters get to decide.""  Watch Clinton become emotional as she's answering a question  . The New York senator is under pressure after some weekend surveys show opponent Barack Obama with a sudden almost double digit lead, with less than a day to go until the New Hampshire primary. At a New Hampshire campaign event, presidential rival John Edwards told reporters he was unaware of Clinton's emotional reaction and would not respond to it. But he did say, ""I think what we need in a commander in chief is strength and resolve, and presidential campaigns are a tough business, but being president of the United States is also a very tough business. ""And the President of the United States is faced with very, very difficult challenges every single day, difficult judgments every single day."" E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- A travel website on Saturday flashed the word ""CANCELED"" in blinking red letters across an online flight schedule for Missouri's largest airport after a rash of severe weather stranded travelers across the region. Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, the country's 30th busiest, was closed after a tornado struck the facility on Friday, but officials expect it to reopen Sunday. ""All departing and arriving flights are canceled until further notice pending full safety assessments of airport facilities,"" the airport website said Saturday. St. Louis-bound flights were diverted to neighboring airports as a result of the storms, including more than a dozen flights to Kansas City International Airport, according to airport spokesman Joe McBride. Rerouted passengers were put up in hotels, and at least three airlines tried to accommodate frustrated travelers on Saturday by busing them from Kansas City to St. Louis, he said. See iReporter's shots of airport damage . Airport Director Rhonda Hamm-Niebruegge said an American Airlines 757 jet suffered significant damage and four other American aircraft had minor damage. Friday night, lines of weary passengers wrapped around airport car rental centers in a frantic attempt to find alternate transportation. ""It was pretty crazy,"" said Enterprise employee Daniel Tighe. ""People were getting into Kansas City just to figure out that their flight had been canceled. ""We took in 30 walk-in reservations just last night,"" he added. ""Plus it's the holiday weekend."" By Saturday the influx of one-way car reservations had abated as rerouted passengers made their way to St. Louis. ""We had quite a few runs to the Greyhound bus station and train station downtown,"" said Chris Bos, an employee for Nick & Nino's taxi service in Kansas City. ""Most people didn't complain. There's not much else they could do."" AirTran said it will fly its St. Louis-bound passengers to Bloomington, Illinois, or Kansas City, Missouri, according to company spokesman Christopher White. But potential thunderstorms and flooding still loomed over the St. Louis area by Saturday afternoon, the National Weather Service said. Major damage was evident in nearby communities, where an estimated 30,000 homes were without power. See iReport images from elsewhere in Missouri . Meanwhile, 30-minute delays lingered at Chicago's Midway and O'Hare airports, where severe storms prompted more than 500 flight cancellations Friday, according to Karen Pride, a spokeswoman for the city's Department of Aviation."
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Cholera is caused by becoming infected with a bacterium called vibrio cholera. It's a disease that affects the bowels and in its most severe form is characterized by acute watery diarrhoea that can lead to immediate death through severe dehydration and kidney failure. A man from Zimbabwe wheels his sick relative to a cholera clinic. Almost 12,000 people have contracted cholera since August in Zimbabwe, and the outbreak threatens to kill even greater numbers as the water situation becomes more desperate. Unicef says it plans on providing a month's supply of water treatment chemicals for the capital Harare where water supply has been cut off because the government of Robert Mugabe is unable to buy chemicals needed to clean tap water. With the world's eyes on Zimbabwe where it is estimated that more than 500 people have already died , many myths and misconceptions abound about cholera. CNN compiles some crucial cholera facts: . --Unlike other diarrhoeal diseases, cholera can kill a healthy adult within hours. --Cholera's short incubation period of two hours to five days enhances the potential for increased outbreaks . --Seventy-five percent of people infected with cholera do not exhibit any symptoms. --A total of 236 896 cases were reported in 2006, an overall increase of 79% compared with the number of cases reported in 2005 . --People who have HIV or are malnourished have a greater risk of dying from cholera than others. --The disease is mostly spread through contaminated water and food supplies. --The belief that cholera epidemics are caused by dead bodies after a disaster is false. --Cholera remains a problem in almost every developing country . --If untreated, as many as one in two people may die. --The true burden of the disease is grossly underestimated as not all cases are reported. Source: World Health Organization .
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Britain's Prince William is starting a two-month attachment with the Royal Navy on Monday, part of the future king's continued experience with various branches of the military, the Ministry of Defense said Saturday. Prince William and his father, Prince Charles, at his graduation from the Royal Air Force in April. William, 25, will spend the first part of his attachment on a basic sea safety course training in sea survival, firefighting and ship damage repair, according to the ministry. If William passes the course, as expected, he will join the HMS Iron Duke in the Caribbean, the department said. The ship's function is to support overseas British territories in the event of a hurricane and to carry out counter-narcotic operations. The prince, who will be called Sub Lieutenant Wales in the Navy, is expected to spend time aboard a frigate, a mine hunter, a submarine and helicopters during his attachment, which ends August 1, the Ministry of Defense said. William completed a four-month attachment with the Royal Air Force this year and received his pilot's wings upon graduating in April. He learned to fly three different aircraft during the attachment and is known as Flying Officer Wales within the RAF. William is also a second lieutenant in the British Army, where he serves in the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry. The attachments are designed to provide the prince with military experience for when he becomes head of the armed forces as king. ""When he becomes king, he needs to know his armed forces -- instinctively be very familiar with them -- and so he is doing this visit to the Royal Navy,"" said Rear Adm. Bob Cooling, the assistant chief of naval staff. William's father, Prince Charles, had a five-year career in the navy in the 1970s. Charles served on the guided missile destroyer HMS Norfolk and two frigates before qualifying as a helicopter pilot and joining a naval air squadron that operated from the aircraft carrier HMS Hermes. Prince Charles spent his last nine months in the navy in 1976 in command of the coastal minehunter HMS Bronington. William's uncle Prince Andrew served 22 years in the Royal Navy as a helicopter pilot, seeing active service during the Falklands War between Britain and Argentina in 1982. Queen Elizabeth II's husband, Prince Philip, William's grandfather, spent more than 13 years in the Royal Navy. He saw active service throughout World War II and was in Tokyo Harbor when Japan surrendered."
"(CNN) -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez, his first space flight, scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery, marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies. Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico. Hernandez, an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan, Mexico, is getting plenty of attention at home and abroad for his journey from working the fields to operating some of the most advanced mechanics on the space shuttle. Mexican President Felipe Calderon called the 47-year-old astronaut over the weekend to congratulate him. A transcript of the entire conversation was promptly posted online by the Mexican government. Hernandez is also reaching out to fans through Twitter, where he posts updates under the name ""@Astro--Jose."" ""I come from a very humble family and what I would call a typical migrant farm working family,"" Hernandez said in a NASA interview. As a child, Hernandez's family split their time between Mexico and California, where they worked as migrant farm workers. During the school year his parents emphasized his education, but on the weekends Hernandez would help the family, he said in the interview, posted on the NASA Web site. Growing up in Stockton, California, it was Hernandez's job as the youngest child to hold up the rabbit ear antennas on the family's television set in order to get the best reception while everyone watched the Apollo missions. ""Now I kid around with my family saying that, you know, it was through osmosis that I became an astronaut because I was closest to the whole situation,"" Hernandez told NASA. The real catalyst for his dream to become an astronaut, however, came when Franklin Chang-Diaz, became the first Latin American astronaut in 1981. ""There was a lot of parallels and that's when I challenged myself. I said, ""Hey, if Franklin can do it, why can't I do it?"" Hernandez said in the interview. Hernandez earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical engineering, and before joining NASA worked on a number of high-tech projects, including an X-ray laser to be deployed in space, a digital mammography system and the disposal of excess nuclear material in Russia, his official biography states. According to NASA, there are nine Hispanics currently in the astronaut program, and 13 total in the program's history. Astronaut Danny Olivas, also of Mexican descent, will also fly on Discovery's upcoming 13-day mission. The scheduled launch of Discovery on Tuesday was scrubbed twice, once because of weather and then hours later because of of mechanical issues involving a drain valve. NASA did not announce a new launch schedule."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Fantasy author Terry Pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer's disease -- but says he plans to continue writing his multi-million selling Discworld books. Terry Pratchett, whose books have sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages. Pratchett, 59 -- whose books have, according to his Web site, sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages -- suffered what he called a ""phantom stroke"" earlier this year. In a statement titled ""an embuggerance"" on the Web site of Discworld illustrator Paul Kidby, Pratchett says that he has been diagnosed with what he terms ""a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer's."" ""I would have liked to keep this one quiet for a little while, but because of upcoming conventions and of course the need to keep my publishers informed, it seems to me unfair to withhold the news,"" says Pratchett, who has a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction. ""All other things being equal, I expect to meet most current and, as far as possible, future commitments but will discuss things with the various organisers,"" he continues. ""Frankly, I would prefer it if people kept things cheerful, because I think there's time for at least a few more books yet."" Pratchett adds that work is continuing on his next book ""Nation"" and that the ""basic notes are already being laid down for Unseen Academicals."" In a P.S. he adds that ""I would just like to draw attention to everyone reading the above that this should be interpreted as 'I am not dead'. I will, of course, be dead at some future point, as will everybody else. ""I know it's a very human thing to say 'Is there anything I can do', but in this case I would only entertain offers from very high-end experts in brain chemistry."" Pratchett's Discworld novels, of which 36 have been published to date, are set in a fantasy universe through which the author satirizes modern-day life. He says in a statement on his own Web site that the series ""started out as a parody of all the fantasy that was around in the big boom of the early '80s, then turned into a satire on just about everything, and even I don't know what it is now."" Pratchett, who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the 1960s, received the Order of the British Empire ""for services to literature"" from the Prince of Wales in 1998. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- Talking to the Taliban leader in Afghanistan may help bring peace to the country, according to a former Pakistan spy chief once referred to as the ""father of the Taliban."" Retired Gen. Hamid Gul, a former head of the ISI spy agency, worked with the CIA through the 1980s to fund and train the Afghan Jihad against the Soviets. Many of the Mujahedeen went on to govern Afghanistan as the Taliban, who are led by Mullah Omar. ""The best situation would be to talk to Mullah Omar,"" Gul said. ""But then, put up your own conditions where I would say it is legitimate ... I think they will accept. I know their psychology."" Face-to-face talks would work best, Gul added. ""You have to engage him. You have to talk to him,"" Gul said. ""There is no one else, for heaven sake, why beat around the bush?"" Last year, Gul said Omar was the only person who can improve U.S. interests in Afghanistan. ""Mullah Omar, nobody else,"" Gul said. He insisted that President Barack Obama's administration can access Omar through the Pakistan military. But the Pakistani Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) denied that the Pakistani military is in contact with Omar and that it can bring him and other commanders to the negotiating table. In his latest interview, Gul decried the terrorist label on the Taliban, saying former President George W. Bush was wrong to call them that. ""This is wrong, by any definition,"" he said. ""No shred of evidence is available that they were involved in any terrorist activity."" Last year, Gul said a stated Taliban condition to any discussions -- the complete withdrawal of foreign troops from Afghanistan first -- was not a fixed demand. With concessions from Washington, it could be softened and make way for negotiations to begin, he said. Afghan President Hamid Karzai has said he will pursue talks with the Taliban as part of a reconciliation and reintegration plan. Karzai has said he plans to buy off low-level Taliban foot soldiers with cash and make peace with some Taliban leaders by offering them government positions. While Washington supports the plan, it rejects a dialogue involving Omar. The Taliban has said Omar is not interested in a peace deal. CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- A human rights group urged Burundi to reverse a law that makes homosexuality illegal, saying it risks worsening the harsh treatment of gays in the eastern Africa nation. In March, people in Burundi demonstrate in favor of a measure banning homosexuality. It became law in April. The new law makes ""sexual relations with persons of the same sex"" illegal and punishable by up to two years in prison, Human Rights Watch said in a recently released report. It was enacted just as the gay, lesbian and transgender community had started to mobilize and call for equal treatment, according to the organization. ""The government needs to listen to these voices to understand the harm it is doing to Burundians with its state-sanctioned discrimination,"" said Georgette Gagnon, Africa director for Human Rights Watch. ""The government should rescind this law and instead work to promote equality and understanding."" Before the law, which was passed in April, some gays and lesbians already faced significant discrimination in Burundi, according to the organization. Some had lost their jobs, others were beaten by parents and local youths, and others were evicted, according to the Human Rights Watch report, which cited accounts by the victims. Numerous attempts to reach government officials were unsuccessful. Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in the region, including in nearby Kenya and Uganda, where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism. Most African nations have revised those laws to include consensual sex among gay and lesbian couples and made the punishments tougher, according to Human Rights Watch. ""Half the world's countries that criminalize homosexual conduct do so because they cling to Victorian morality and colonial laws,"" said Scott Long, director of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights program for Human Rights Watch. ""Getting rid of these unjust remnants of the British empire is long overdue."" The role religion plays in Africa has a lot to do with the ban, others say. ""It is wrong from a biblical standpoint, and most African countries are governed based on religious beliefs,"" said Olatunde Ogunyemi, a professor in Grambling, Louisiana. ""Christianity and Islam are the dominant religions in the continent, and in some cases, constitutions are based on religion, which justifies making it illegal."" South Africa's post-apartheid constitution bans discrimination against gays -- the first in Africa to prohibit discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation. Homosexuality is also illegal in other countries, including Ghana, Nigeria and Zimbabwe, according to Human Rights Watch."
By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 09:00 EST, 22 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:35 EST, 22 March 2013 . A teenage athlete has died after being hit by a discus during the warm up for a track and field event. Joshua Ramirez, 15, was reportedly performing stretches before the competition at Plainview High School in Houston, Texas, when he was hit on the hip. High school officials say he was initially checked out by an athletic trainer who examined the injury and advised him to go the hospital if he started to feel increased pain. Tribute: This poster has been sent out by friends and family of Joshua Lorenzo Ramirez . Strange death: Ramirez was buried on Thursday after he passed away from complications connected with a bizarre discus accident at an area track meet . Tragic loss: Ramirez, top left, was stretching before one of his events at a track meet on March 8 when he was struck in the hip with an errant discus throw . Joshua went to a follow up visit two days later, on March 10, and eventually went to the hospital where he was treated and released for a bruised hip. His school's website says Joshua then started to feel unbearable pain and was taken to the Emergency Room on March 12, where he admitted into intensive care. He died on March 17. His family said in an obituary: 'Josh was born Feb.10, 1998, in Hereford, to Joshua John and Alma Silva Ramirez. He loved his Lord and his family.' He is survived by three siblings, a brother, Isaac Ramirez; and two sisters, Teresa Ramirez and Krystal Ramirez. His family said in an obituary: 'Josh was born Feb.10, 1998, in Hereford, to Joshua John and Alma Silva Ramirez. He loved his Lord and his family' Tragedy: Joshua Ramirez was hit in the hip by the metal discus during the warm up for an athletics event (file photo) A statement issued by Hereford Independent Schools District reads: 'Hereford ISD is deeply saddened at this loss. We understand that Joshua was a great kid in and out of the classroom. 'Staff and students alike are heart broken for the Ramirez family and our loss of a student and friend.' Family friend Saul Tarango told KAMR-TV: 'He never complained. He was that kind of kid.' Joshua's uncle Jesse Ramirez told the Amarillo Globe-News, 'Were not sure exactly what happened.' Family friend Saul Tarango told KAMR-TV: 'He never complained. He was that kind of kid.'
"Paris, France (CNN) -- Former French President Jacques Chirac has been placed under investigation for allegations stemming from his time as mayor of Paris, his office said Friday. A judge in Nanterre, near Paris, questioned Chirac Friday morning over the employment of seven people who were hired by the city of Paris in the early 1990s. The suspicion is that the employees were working for Chirac's right-wing political party, RPR, which no longer exists, while on the city payroll. Chirac, 77, was mayor of Paris between 1977 and 1995, the year he became president. The case in Nanterre is similar to but separate from another investigation in Paris, in which Chirac is accused of using 21 city employees to work on his presidential campaign. In a statement released by his office Friday, Chirac pointed out that he had ""already answered all the questions related to this investigation regarding the seven jobs in July 2007 and that no new facts have surfaced since then."" Chirac could face a five-year sentence and a fine of 75,000 euros ($107,500) if found guilty of using the employees to work for his party. The former president denies the accusations. ""On the investigation itself, President Chirac repeats that no such 'system' has ever existed in the Paris city hall,"" the statement said. ""He is determined to demonstrate this through the procedure which was started by being placed under investigation."" The former French head of state also said he ""wishes the investigation to progress as quickly as possible to establish once and for all that he is beyond reproach."" Former French Prime Minister Alain Juppe was already sentenced in December 2004 for his role in the affair, but Chirac benefited from presidential immunity at the time. After Chirac left office in May 2007, he made it known he was available to answer any questions on the matter. Current Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe had no comment about the investigation, according to officials with the city of Paris, which lodged the initial complaint against Chirac. The former president remains popular in France. A survey released Thursday, conducted by the opinion research company IFOP for Paris Match magazine, showed that 78 percent of French people have a positive opinion of Chirac -- making him the highest-rated politician since the survey began in November 2003. CNN's Luc Lacroix contributed to this report."
"One of the world's greatest fashion designers, Yohji Yamamoto has helped blaze a trail for Asia over the last three decades. Yohji Yamamoto brought masculine styles to the catwalk, rejecting traditional ideas of sexiness. He brought geometric minimalism to the catwalk in the late 1970's while other designers focused on flamboyance, and if his name and clothing has become a brand over the last 30 years, for the man himself, it is always ""creation first"". ""I had no intention of working in the mainstream and I've stated my objection against the main currents of fashion for the last 27 years,"" he told Anjali Rao. His firm standpoint on style, and his designs, has brought popularity with an international chain of clothing outlets and the courting of celebrities and companies -- he designed Elton John's wardrobe for his latest world tour and has collaborated with Adidas to produce the Y-3 street wear range. Talk Asia toured one of his ateliers and showrooms in Tokyo, before moving to Paris for Fashion Week, where Yamamoto opened the doors to a model-casting session for the first time. While successful, his design house is far removed from the mega-brands of some labels such as Dior or Gucci, and he has stuck to his ethos throughout. ""I have no intention to deal with a market first and put my creation into it. I create my clothes at will and that will change the market -- that's what I hope to see. ""Independent fashion houses are in an extreme minority. Most fashion makers have to sell accessories, there are only one or two or three that are successful just selling clothes. This is the era that clothes cannot sell."" Known for his distinctive black, minimalist style, he discussed how he perceives his own impact on fashion and his unique philosophy: ""Civilized humans must wear monochrome. There is a minimum etiquette of fashion that you must not upset other people's vision . It is wrong to think that standing out is a good thing."" ""I prefer to be behind the scenes -- that to me is a fashion designer."" And behind the scenes, Yamamoto practices karate to relax -- at black belt level, or course -- and recreating action through his designs. ""I'm very much interested in cutting, making forms, silhouettes, making motion; that's why I forget the color."""
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Drugmaking giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has agreed to buy independent U.S. skincare specialist Stiefel Laboratories for up to $3.6 billion. The new business will operate under the Stiefel identity within the GSK Group. In a statement Monday, the two companies said the deal would create a new world-leading specialist dermatology business with combined revenues of $1.5 billion. Under the terms of the agreement GSK will acquire the total share capital of Stiefel for $2.9 billion. GSK also expects to assume $400 million of net debt upon closing. A further $300 million cash payment will be made depending on future performance. GSK's existing prescription dermatological products will be combined with Stiefel's and the new specialist global business will operate under the Stiefel identity within the GSK Group. The new business will have a broad portfolio of dermatology products including Stiefel's leading brands: Duac, for acne, Olux E for dermatitis and Soriatane for the treatment of severe psoriasis. GSK's key dermatology brands include: Bactroban, Cutivate and the recently launched Altabax. Stiefel, part-owned by buyout firm Blackstone Group, is the world's largest independent dermatology company, with a range of prescription and over-the-counter products. According to Reuters.com it was put up for sale a month ago and attracted interest from a number of large pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis and Johnson & Johnson. Following the announcement, GSK Chief Executive Andrew Witty said: ""As part of our strategy to grow and diversify GSK's business, we are continuing to make new investments through targeted acquisitions. This transaction will create a new world-leading, specialist dermatology business and re-energize our existing dermatology products. ""The addition of Stiefel's broad portfolio will provide immediate new revenue flows to GSK with significant opportunities to enhance growth through leveraging our existing global commercial infrastructure and manufacturing capability. We look forward to working with Stiefel to develop this exciting opportunity."""
"(CNN) -- With the Tuesday night shooting deaths of two students from the University of Texas in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, six U.S. citizens have been killed in the volatile region this week, according to the U.S. consul general. ""We offer our deepest condolences to the families of victims. These incidences underscore U.S. travel warnings for Mexico,"" Consul General Dean J. Haas told CNN. ""The current warning is clear and states that U.S. citizens should defer unnecessary travel to Juarez and areas near the Mexican border."" The current travel warning for U.S. citizens posted on the State Department website states, ""Recent violent attacks and persistent security concerns have prompted the U.S. Embassy to urge U.S. citizens to defer unnecessary travel to Michoacn and Tamaulipas, to parts of Chihuahua, Sinaloa, Durango, and Coahuila, and to advise U.S. citizens residing or traveling in those areas to exercise extreme caution."" The consulate, based in Ciudad Juarez, would not comment on the extent of U.S. involvement in the investigation of the U.S. citizens killed in Mexico or their effect on relations with Mexico. ""Mexican authorities are in charge of this investigation,"" Haas said. ""The U.S. government is engaged on a broad bilateral basis on a variety of issues, including law enforcement, with the Mexican government."" Violence is commonplace near the nations' border as powerful drug cartels battle for control of lucrative smuggling routes into the United States. ""We encourage U.S. citizens traveling in this area to register with the consulate. We have a mechanism to communicate travel updates of registered citizens within the state of Chihuahua,"" Haas said. According to Haas, 108 U.S. citizens have been killed in the consular district of Chihuahua since October 1, 2009. Lorena Izaguirre died of multiple gunshot wounds outside a tortilla shop on Saturday. In a separate incident on Saturday, Jovana Herrera and Luis Carlos Araiza where shot while driving a BMW near the Zaragoza International Bridge. Edgar Lopez died outside a house in Ciudad Juarez of multiple gunshot wounds, authorities said. On Tuesday, University of Texas at El Paso students Manuel Acosta Villalobos, 25, and Eder Diaz Sotero, 23, were gunned down in a hail of more than 30 bullets while driving in Chihuahua State, Mexico."
"(CNN) -- Delta Air Lines and American Airlines announced Thursday the cancellations of hundreds of flights so the companies can conduct inspections on bundles of wires in some of their jets. Delta cancellations will affect flights up until early Friday, according to a statement from the airline. The cancellations will affect flights through Friday, according to statements by both companies. A spokeswoman for Delta earlier said 325 flights would be canceled Thursday, but later said 275 flights were cut. ""Delta apologizes in advance for any inconvenience this may cause and is working to proactively contact and reaccommodate affected customers. Customers should call ahead to check flight status,"" a Delta statement said. Wednesday, American Airlines canceled 318 flights, said company spokesman Tim Wagner. The airline canceled 132 of its estimated 2,300 flights scheduled for Thursday, Wagner said, about 6 percent of the daily schedule. The cancellations forced dozens of people to spend the night in the atrium of Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. They slept wherever they could -- on couches, on the floor, some on non-moving baggage carousels. Kelly said the airline rebooked flights and covered the cost of hotel and food for passengers on canceled flights. It was initially believed that Delta's MD-90 planes were part of the inspection but it was determined that the MD-88 planes were the only ones that needed to be inspected, a spokeswoman said. The airline said the checks are voluntary and are expected to be completed by week's end. American Airlines, meanwhile, is examining wiring secured to its MD-80 aircraft. In Atlanta, the cancellations caused grousing among passengers who missed job interviews, connecting flights and the comfort of their beds, CNN affiliate WXIA reported. ""They told us 6:45 (p.m.). Then they told us 7:30. Then 8, so on and so forth and they just canceled,"" passenger Fred Billizon told WXIA. ""So they had about 200 people just waiting on flights. And that's not a lot of happy people."" This latest round of inspections was prompted by questions raised by the FAA and American safety officials about how a certain bundle of wires is secured to the MD-80 aircraft. The MD-80 is the workhorse of the American fleet. American's Web site says the aircraft accounts for 300 of the airline's fleet of 655 jets. The jet debuted in 1980 from McDonnell-Douglas, which was purchased by rival Boeing in 1997. Boeing discontinued production of the aircraft in 1999. E-mail to a friend ."
(CNN) -- Gautam Gambhir became the most expensive signing in world cricket on a record-breaking first day of the Indian Premier League auctions. The Kolkata Knights Riders paid $2.4 million to secure the rights of the India international batsman on Saturday, and then stumped up $2.1 million to buy Yusuf Pathan for the next two years of the lucrative Twenty20 limited-overs competition. New franchise Sahara Pune Warriors matched that sum with the signing of another Indian star, Robin Uthappa, while Mumbai Indians put up $2 million for Rohit Sharma. Pathan's half-brother Irfan was sold to Delhi Daredevils for $1.9 million, while Pune also paid $1.8 million for one-day specialist Yuvraj Singh. The most expensive non-Indian player was Sri Lanka's Mahela Jayawardene, who went to another new franchise, Kochi, for $1.5 million. Australia's David Hussey was bought for $1.4 million by Kings XI Punjab. See the full list of successful bids . Kolkata also signed veteran South Africa batsman Jacques Kallis for $1.2 million, while Royal Challengers Bangalore bid $1.1 million for his compatriot A.B. de Villiers -- a fee matched by Deccan Chargers for Australia's Cameron White. The auction concluded on Sunday, with 350 of the world's top players having gone under the hammer. Franchise owners include Bollywood stars Shilpa Shetty and Preity Zinta. Notably absent was tournament founder Lalit Modi, who has been ousted from his position as chairman by the Indian cricket board amid allegations of corruption. Will Australia's one-day cricket reign end in 2011? Only 12 players were retained from last year's competition, with Mumbai keeping Sachin Tendulkar, Harbhajan Singh, Kieron Pollard and Lasith Malinga. India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni will stay with defending champions Chennai Super Kings, while Rajasthan have kept Australia's Shane Warne and Shane Watson, and Virender Sehwag remains at Delhi. Kings XI Punjab, Deccan Chargers and Kolkata Knight Riders completely emptied their playing rosters. The 2011 tournament will run from April 8 to May 22 following the 50-over World Cup in India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.
"Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Kenya has deported a Jamaican-born Muslim cleric who was previously jailed in Britain for inciting racial hatred, the Kenyan immigration minister said Thursday. Abdullah Ibrahim el-Faisal was deported to the West African country of Gambia, Kenyan Immigration Minister Otieno Kajwang told reporters in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi. Kenyan anti-terror police picked up Abdullah Ibrahim el-Faisal days ago after he passed into the country unnoticed, police spokesman Eric Kiraithe told CNN on Tuesday. Kenya's immigration minister declared him an unwanted person in Kenya, Kiraithe said, adding that el-Faisal is a threat to Kenya's security with ""proven"" terrorism links. El-Faisal was sentenced in London to nine years in prison in March 2003 for inciting others to commit murder and for stirring racial hatred. He had been arrested a year earlier. He was paroled in 2007 after serving half his sentence and deported to Jamaica, according to British news reports. El-Faisal entered Kenya from Tanzania, Kiraithe said, but it was not clear when. Kiraithe acknowledged there had been ""lapses"" between Kenya's police and immigration that allowed the cleric to enter the country. Kenyan Muslim groups have protested the moves to deport el-Faisal. ""He is being treated unfairly,"" said Al-Amin Kimathi, the executive coordinator for the Muslim Forum of Human Rights, ""He has committed no crimes in Jamaica and has not committed any crimes in Kenya. There is a double standard at work."" Before his sentence in Britain, el-Faisal had spent much of the previous decade preaching in various mosques and selling audiotapes across the country. In one of the tapes, he said, ""How do you fight the Hindus? You have to bomb the Indian businesses. And as for the Jews, you kill them physically. Then you will overcome them in Kashmir and in Palestine."" His lawyers in Britain had asked the judge in his case to consider the Muslim convert ""misguided rather than malicious."" The defense stressed that most of his preachings were benign interpretations of the Quran. They also said el-Faisal, a husband and father who had been living in the east London neighborhood of Stratford, had been a leader in his community. CNN's David McKenzie contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The United States is providing millions of dollars to fund the trial of Charles Taylor, the former Liberian president charged with war crimes for his alleged role in a civil war that killed tens of thousands. Taylor is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone that led to widespread murder, rape and mutilation. He has pleaded not guilty to charges that include five counts of crimes against humanity and five counts of war crimes. Taylor is on trial at the Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague, Netherlands. United Nations officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up a special tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities. Washington said it expedited the $4.5 million grant because the court is facing a financial crisis, and the U.S. urged the international community to donate to the court before its financial resources run out. ""By all calculations, the court would have run out of money by early December, which could have jeopardized the continuation of the Charles Taylor trial before the court reached a verdict,"" the State Department said in a news release Tuesday. Officials moved the trial from the Sierra Leone capital of Freetown because of concerns it would spark instability in the region. It's the first time an African head of state has faced mass atrocities and war crimes charges at an international tribunal. ""The Taylor prosecution delivers a strong message to all perpetrators of atrocities, including those in positions of power, that they will be held accountable,"" the State Department said. Prosecutors allege that Taylor, who was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003, fueled the lengthy civil war that killed tens of thousands using riches from a diamond trade. The so-called blood diamonds are mined in war zones to support rebels and warlords. Blood diamonds have fueled bloody conflicts in Africa for more than a decade. The trial has included testimony from actress Mia Farrow and supermodel Naomi Campbell. In August, Campbell testified that Taylor gave her ""dirty-looking"" uncut diamonds in 1997 as a gift. Prosecutors were hoping her testimony would tie him to blood diamonds. The trial opened in 2007, but Taylor boycotted the first session. It's expected to end by next year, and the appeals process could end by 2012, according to the State Department."
"LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN)  -- The imprisoned leader of the Nigerian militant group MEND has accepted an unconditional amnesty offer from the government, his lawyer said Friday. ""The president has ordered his release, and we are hoping he will be released very soon,"" Wilson Ajuwaand said, referring to his client, Henry Okah. ""We have briefed him on the amnesty and are now working out the details."" CNN could not independently verify the lawyer's information, and Nigerian President Umaru Yar'Adua could not be reached for comment. Yar'Adua made the amnesty offer to Okah in June. Okah, who had been MEND's main arms smuggler, was arrested in September 2007 in the Angolan capital, Luanda. He was later extradited to Nigeria and has been in prison since then. ""We support Henry Okah's decision to accept any deal that will ensure his early release to attend to his failing health under the current circumstances,"" said Jomo Gbomo, a MEND spokesman. ""Since he has no weapons to surrender, the deal should be a straightforward one."" An International Crisis Group report in April about the conflict between government forces and militants in the oil-rich Niger Delta said Okah is accused of treason, terrorism and kidnapping. His lawyers and relatives say he needs kidney treatment not available in Nigeria, the report said. MEND has declared an ""all-out war"" on the government, demanding a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta. The group wants oil revenue reinvested in the region instead of enriching those the militants consider corrupt politicians. Many of MEND's attacks have been aimed at oil and gas installations in the region. Okah's release had been a key demand of MEND before they accept any government amnesty offer. After receiving news of Okah's acceptance of the government officer, MEND issued a statement. ""The recent appointment of Mr. Timi Alaibe as the special adviser to the president on Niger Delta-Nigeria-MEND-Amnesty affairs by the Nigerian government is a humble and welcome development that is in line with the two-pronged approach of our current campaign,"" the statement said. ""With this channel of communication finally opened, MEND will put together its ... team of frank negotiators to pass our demands and expectations to the president through Mr. Alaibe, a man we respect and can work with."" From CNN's Christian Purefoy."
"Bulawayo, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Zimbabwe's prime minister Thursday said the country will hold an election in ""12 months"" and he wants an outcome that can't be contested. ""In 12 months time we have an election in this country. Let it be free and let it be peaceful,"" said Morgan Tsvangirai, speaking in Bulawayo -- about 450km south-west of Harare -- to his Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) party supporters ahead of a congress set for Friday. At the congress new MDC leadership will be elected to prepare for general elections in which Tsvangirai will lock horns with President Robert Mugabe. Tsvangirai predicted the MDC will win, ending the coalition government that has ruled Zimbabwe since 2009. ""We are the next government of this country responsible to deal with unemployment which is over 85 percent. We have to resuscitate the economy and make it one of the best in Africa,"" added Tsvangirai. Tsvangirai and Mugabe formed a fragile coalition government in 2009 after a disputed, violent election in 2008. But the coalition has been marred by disagreements between the former political foes. ""People's will must be respected (in the next elections). The outcome of the polls must not be contested,"" said Tsvangirai. ""Robert Mugabe and Zanu PF took this country to its knees in 30 years. We have a duty in the next government to bring it back,"" added Tsvangirai, critical of his coalition partner and his party. Zimbabwe experienced a decade of negative economic growth before the formation of the coalition government, he noted. Mugabe has indicated that he wants an election this year to end the coalition government. But earlier this week, the country's finance minister said the economy was not performing well enough to finance an election this year. Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga is expected to attend the MDC congress on Friday as ""the guest of honor"". Odinga, a fierce critic of Mugabe, was Kenya's opposition leader before joining President Mwai Kibaki in a 2008 power-sharing deal following contested elections that sparked tribal violence in that country. A similar deal was later agreed to in Zimbabwe by Tsvangirai and his long-time rival Mugabe. This will be the first time that Odinga has visited Zimbabwe since being appointed prime minister."
"(CNN) -- The relatives of a woman who died on the floor of a New York hospital say they plan to file a $25 million lawsuit against the city and the facility where Esmin Green died. Esmin Green's daughter, Tecia Harrison, says disciplinary action against hospital workers is not enough for her. Green's family is also calling for criminal charges against hospital workers, who they say failed to help her and then attempted to cover up the circumstances of her death. ""My sister was killed twice,"" said Brenda James, Green's sister. ""First, by those who neglected to offer her the needed health care. Secondly, she was killed by those who tried to cover up this criminal action."" The family has retained a lawyer, Sanford Rubenstein, to file the suit. Green, a Jamaican immigrant, had been involuntarily admitted to the Kings County Hospital in Brooklyn, New York, on June 18 for what the hospital described as ""agitation and psychosis."" Surveillance camera footage captured the mother of six sliding off of a chair and onto the floor of waiting room of the hospital's psychiatric emergency department, where she lay convulsing for more than a hour before anyone helped her. The footage appears to capture several employees passing by her as she lay on the floor struggling. The New York Civil Liberties Union said last week that the hospital falsified medical records for the timeframe covering Green's visit, describing her as awake and going to the bathroom when she is seen on the video.  Watch Green's family after seeing video  . Seven workers, including doctors, nurses and security guards, have been fired or suspended since Green's death, the city's Health and Hospitals Corporation said. It's not clear whether any of the employees have appealed the disciplinary actions against them. The agency said it referred the matter to law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation. ""We failed Esmin Green and believe her family deserves fair and just compensation,"" it said in a statement. Autopsy results have not been released. Green's daughter, who reluctantly watched the footage for the first time this week, says disciplinary action doesn't make up for her family's loss. ""Firing is not enough for me, for my brothers. They don't know this wonderful woman they took away from us,"" said Tecia Harrison, who traveled to New York from Jamaica to attend her mother's funeral Sunday. ""We want them to pay for it,"" she said. CNN's Mary Snow contributed to this report ."
"DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (CNN)  -- Sudanese President Omar el-Bashir on Tuesday accused the international media of ""exaggerating"" the situation in Darfur to detract from atrocities in Iraq, the Palestinian territories and Somalia. Refugees from Darfur gather at a camp in Chad. Sudan's president says the crisis in Darfur is a ""media fabrication."" El-Bashir spoke at a news conference in Dubai following a three-day visit to the Persian Gulf emirate. He said the crisis in Sudan's western Darfur region is a ""media fabrication."" El-Bashir's government has been blamed by the United Nations of supporting militias that conduct ""indiscriminate attacks"" on civilians in the Darfur region, including torture, rape, and killings. Rebels fighting the government-backed militias have also been accused by the U.N. of widespread human rights abuses. During Tuesday's news conference, el-Bashir restated his position that foreign intervention in Darfur was an obstacle in achieving peace in the region. The Sudanese president has been outspoken in his opposition to allowing non-African forces in Darfur. At the start of this year, more than 9,000 members of a joint UN-African Union peacekeeping force were deployed to the region to address the fighting and humanitarian suffering. The force will eventually number 26,000. Speaking on Tuesday, el-Bashir said that the fighting only affects 10 percent of the region. In the majority of Darfur, there is little to no conflict and people are living normal lives, he said. Citing Sudanese government statistics, el-Bashir said that less than 10,000 people have died in the conflict and less than 500,000 have been displaced. International figures, including United Nations' data, put the death toll in Darfur at approximately 200,000, with another 2.5 million people displaced by the violence since 2003. The conflict started five years ago when ethnic African tribesmen took up arms, complaining of decades of neglect and discrimination by the Sudanese government. Sudan's Arab-dominated government is accused of responding by unleashing the tribal militias known as janjaweed, which have committed the worst atrocities against Darfur's local communities. El-Bashir, however, rejected claims that the Darfur conflict is being fought along ethnic lines. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Elham Nakhlawi in Dubai contributed to this report."
(CNN) -- A stunning 30-yard strike from Andrea Pirlo sealed victory for AC Milan over Parma on Saturday night. The 1-0 win sends the 17-time Italian champions top of the league, one point ahead of rivals Inter and Lazio who both play Sunday. The winning margin could have been bigger had Zlatan Ibrahimovic converted one of several chances that came his way, but Pirlo's curling effort in the 25th minute was enough for Milan to claim all three points. Defeat for Parma -- their third this season in the league -- leaves them in 16th place and in danger of slipping into the bottom three after Sunday's matches have been completed. Bottom-placed Udinese recorded their first win of the season when Mehdi Benatia scored in the third minute of second half injury time to beat Cesena 1-0. In Spain, Valencia beat Athletic Bilbao 2-1 to maintain their unbeaten run in this season's La Liga. Aritz Aduriz's opened the scoring for the home team in the 11th minute with substitute Vicente all but sealing victory in injury time. Igor Gabilondo scored from a free-kick two minutes later but Valencia held on for the win. The result puts them four points ahead of their nearest rivals Villarreal and Barcelona at the top of the table. French striker Florent Sinama Pongolle scored twice in the space of five minutes as 10-man Real Zaragoza came from two behind to salvage a draw 2-2 at home to Sporting Gijon. Pongolle, on loan from Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon, struck in the 56th and 61st minute to cancel out an own goal from Ivan Obradovic in the first half and a penalty from Gijon winger Diego Castro in the 49th minute. The penalty was awarded after Zaragoza's Jiri Jarosik brought down Diego Barral in the penalty area, and was shown a red card. Zaragoza remain bottom of the table, while Sporting Gijon move up to 17th place. In La Liga's other Saturday fixture, Real Sociedad beat Espanyol 1-0 at home. The win came courtesy of an own goal by Argentine centre-back Juan Forlin in the 85th minute. Third-placed Barcelona host Real Mallorca on Sunday, Real Madrid will entertain Deportivo La Coruna. Villarreal face Racing Santander.
"(CNN) -- Carlos Tevez will face disciplinary action from Manchester City after the Argentina striker's apparent refusal to come on as a substitute during a European Champions League match with Bayern Munich. City said in a statement on Wednesday that Tevez, 27, had a case to answer in relation to ""breach of contract"", having conducted an investigation into the events which occurred during the club's 2-0 defeat at the Allianz Arena on September 27. The former club captain was suspended by City following the incident, but the statement also confirmed Tevez was expected to return to training with manager Roberto Mancini's team on Thursday. Tevez strike is sad for soccer . ""The club has now reached a stage in its investigation where it has concluded that there is a case for Carlos Tevez to answer of alleged breaches of contract,"" read the statement on City's official website. ""Accordingly, the club has informed him that he will face disciplinary proceedings and the hearing will be convened shortly. Carlos will be required to report to Roberto Mancini for training on Thursday."" British newspaper The Guardian reported every player and coach interviewed during City's investigation refused to back-up Tevez's claims that the events in Munich were the result of a ""misunderstanding"" between himself and Italian coach Mancini. The publication goes on to claim Tevez will be hit with a six-week fine, which could be as much as $2.3 million dollars given the former Corinthians star's alleged $392,000-per-week wages. The multi-million dollar figure would represent the largest sanction ever handed to a footballer in Britain. Tevez denied he had refused to take to the pitch against Bayern, saying in his own statement following the match with the German outfit: ""I wish to state that I never refused to play. ""There was some confusion on the bench and I believe my position may have been misunderstood. Going forward I am ready to play when required and to fulfil my obligations."" Tevez suspended by Manchester City . One-time West Ham forward Tevez has been consistently linked with a move away from City over the past 12 months, after handing in a transfer request in December 2010. The former Boca Juniors players also saw a move back to Corinthians fall through in July, with the Brazilian outfit claiming there was insufficient time to complete the deal before the close of the transfer window. Tevez is yet to score for City this season having been their top marksman last campaign with 20 English Premier League goals. The Citziens return to domestic action this weekend, with Aston Villa visiting the Etihad Stadium on Saturday."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- It isn't clear whether the United States will ever be able to declare victory in Iraq, the top U.S. commander there said Thursday. Army Gen. Ray Odierno speaks to reporters at the Pentagon  on Thursday. ""I'm not sure we will ever see anyone declare victory in Iraq, because first off, I'm not sure we'll know for 10 years or five years,"" Army Gen. Ray Odierno told reporters at the Pentagon. About 123,000 U.S. troops are in Iraq now, and President Obama says all combat forces will be gone by the end of August 2010, leaving as many as 50,000 noncombat troops to advise and train Iraqi forces before leaving by the end of 2011. Odierno has said he wants to draw down the U.S. forces at a faster rate than planned if the security situation allows it. On Thursday, he said he expected the number of U.S. troops to drop to 120,000 by the end of October, and to as few as 110,000 by the end of 2009. ""What we've done here is we're giving Iraq an opportunity in the long term to be a strategic partner of the United States, but more importantly, be a partner in providing regional stability inside of the Middle East,"" Odierno said. Odierno also highlighted continuing security issues inside the country, saying Iraqi security forces have recently seized several ""very large"" caches of Iranian-made rockets and armor-piercing munitions known as explosively formed penetrators, or EFPs. ""If you're training people ... in Iran to come back into Iraq, and you're providing them rockets and other things, I call that significant because it still enables people to conduct attacks not only on U.S. forces but on Iraqi civilians,"" Odierno said. At a congressional hearing Wednesday, Odierno said the main threat to stability in Iraq are Arab-Kurd tensions, adding there has been difficulty bringing the two sides together for possible joint patrols. ""We've had some very good meetings,"" he said. ""But we still have some ways to go on that."""
"(CNN) -- The White House Press Office accidentally e-mailed a draft version of President Obama's Thursday schedule on Wednesday night that included the back-and-forth between White House staffers. Members of the media got a behind-the-scenes look at what goes into President Obama's schedule. The e-mail, sent on a daily basis to inform the media of the next day's events, at first appeared to be like any other press schedule. But at the bottom of the e-mail, there was a series of exchanges from the press team, as well as a draft of the schedule. The first section of the schedule noted that in the morning, Obama planned to talk with homeowners who have refinanced their homes and benefited from lower mortgage payments. One staffer, recommending changes to that line, wrote to ""put more emphasis on the real people aspect of this."" The draft version said Obama will talk ""with his economic team,"" and also attending the meeting ""will be a handful of households."" The final version took the emphasis off the economic team and said ""Attending the meeting will be a handful of homeowners ... as well as members of President Obama's economic team."" The draft schedule also showed the president hosting Seder to celebrate Passover. The dinner was marked ""closed press,"" meaning no reporters allowed. One staffer asked, ""Can we remove the dinner at the end of the day?"" ""We put it on yesterday's deal -- so folks already know that it's happening. They'll wonder why it's not listed if we don't include it on there,"" another staffer replied. The staffer who asked to remove the dinner from the schedule replied, ""Apparently Jewish here and in neighboring states are now calling wondering why they have not been invited."" The dinner was not listed on the final schedule. In another exchange, one staffer recommended nixing a line about Obama meeting with leaders from the Veterans Service Organizations and Military Service Organizations since the president was now meeting with them before his remarks in an event closed to the media. ""Can we keep it and just change it to say before. Its good for us to say we are meeting with them,"" another replied. The final copy kept the line, noting that the VSO and MSO leaders would meet with Obama before his remarks. The White House says the error was made by a sleep-deprived staffer, adding that the staffer will not suffer repercussions for the mistake."
"(CNN) -- Tareq Salahi is ""greatly hurt and disturbed"" by wife's ""adulterous affair"" with a rock musician and he wants a divorce, according to court documents. ""Real Housewives of D.C."" star Michaele Salahi left her husband last week to join Journey guitarist Neal Schon on tour, which Tareq Salahi said ""caused me to suffer great harm, humiliation, and embarrassment."" She ""was engaged in an adulterous relationship with one Neal Schon, her paramour,"" the divorce petition said. ""I also understand that his rock band Journey paid for her travel, accommodations and other expenses."" The Salahis' split became public last Wednesday when Tareq Salahi told reporters that he thought his wife had been kidnapped when she disappeared on Tuesday. She told a sheriff's deputy that she was ""with a good friend and was where she wanted to be,"" Warren County, Virginia, Sheriff Danny McEathron said in a statement to CNN Wednesday afternoon. The reality show personality traveled last Tuesday to Memphis, Tennessee, where Journey was performing, to be with Schon, a representative with Scoop Marketing confirmed to CNN Wednesday. Scoop Marketing represents Schon. ""She stated that she was not returning home and had thus abandoned the marriage and marital home,"" his divorce petition said. But what really hurts about his wife's ""adulterous friendship"" is that she ""has flaunted the same throughout the community, the nation and indeed the world, and thus caused me to suffer great harm, humiliation, and embarrassment,"" his court filing said. An e-mail Salahi said was sent to him from Schon's e-mail address was included in the filing. It contained a photo of an unidentified penis, he said. ""At no time whatsoever have I condoned or acquiesced to the adulterous affair,"" Tareq Salahi said. ""There is no hope or possibility of reconciliation,"" he said. The couple, married for nearly eight years, has no children. They gained notoriety when they were photographed with President Barack Obama at a White House state dinner, to which they were not invited, in November 2009. The ""Real Housewives of D.C."" TV series was canceled by Bravo earlier this year. CNN's Rachel Wells contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- An air-supported roof over the Dallas Cowboys' practice field collapsed during a heavy thunderstorm Saturday afternoon, leaving 12 people injured, authorities said. An aerial view of the scene shows the Dallas Cowboys logo amid the ruins of the indoor practice facility. About 70 people, including more than two dozen of the team's rookies, were in the facility when it was blown down shortly before 3:30 p.m. (4:30 p.m. ET), team officials said. Two or three suffered serious injuries, but none were believed to be in life-threatening condition Saturday night, said Dr. Paul Pepe, Dallas County's emergency medical services chief. CNN affiliate WFAA reported Cowboys special teams coach Joe DeCamillis, the son-in-law of former NFL head coach Dan Reeves, suffered a broken back. DeCamillis was seen on a stretcher wearing a neck brace. A line of heavy thunderstorms was moving through the Dallas area at the time, he said, but no other damage to buildings was reported, said Mike Adams, a dispatcher for the Irving, Texas, fire department.  Watch the roof collapse on players, coaches  . Arnold Payne, a photographer for  WFAA, was shooting the Cowboys' practice session when rain began falling ""tremendously hard."" ""I noticed the walls started to waver ... and then I noticed that the lights that were hanging from the ceiling started to sway, and it wouldn't stop,"" Payne told CNN. Shortly after that, he said, ""It was as if someone took a stick pin and hit a balloon.""  Watch Payne describe being inside when structure collpased  . Payne said Cowboys staff photographers were up in the metal framework beneath the canopy to film the practice session and ""actually rode the building down with the storm."" At least one was in surgery Saturday night, he said. ""There was nowhere for them to go, and it fell so fast -- it just collapsed as if it was being imploded,"" Payne said. Video from CNN affiliate WFAA showed the roof caving in during a heavy storm, sending players, coaches and a handful of reporters and photographers scrambling to escape. Cowboys' owner Jerry Jones told NBC that about 27 rookies from the NFL team and members of the team's coaching staff were inside the suburban Dallas facility at the time. ""They did not get good warning there, and the structure did collapse,"" Jones said, speaking from the Kentucky Derby in Louisville. ""We're assessing who's injured at this particular time."" CNN's Matt Smith contributed to this report."
"KHARTOUM, Sudan (CNN) -- (CNN) -- Fighting resumed Tuesday in a disputed oil-rich town in Sudan, threatening to reignite a calamitous civil war which ended three years ago. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon deplored the fighting between the Sudanese military and troops with the Sudan People's Liberation Army. The SPLA fought a rebellion against the government for more than 20 years until both sides signed a peace deal in 2005. The deal's Comprehensive Peace Agreement ended a north-south civil war that killed about 2 million people and displaced more than 4 million others. An impasse over the boundaries of the town of Abyei is a major reason the peace agreement has not been fully implemented. Fighting erupted in Abyei on May 13. It resumed Tuesday despite a cease-fire and has ""resulted in the destruction"" of the town ""and the displacement of between 30,000 and 50,000 people,"" the secretary general said in a statement. Don't Miss Sudanese opposition leader arrested Sudan cuts ties with Chad after attack Darfur rebels advance on Sudan capital, their leader says ""If the situation is not urgently addressed, the achievements thus far of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement could be placed at serious risk,"" he said. The civil war in Sudan, which started in 1983, pitted a northern government dominated by Arab Muslims against black Christians and animists in southern Sudan. That conflict was not directly related to ongoing violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan. Human rights groups and United Nations say the Sudanese military armed and trained Arab militias in Darfur after a rebellion erupted in 2003. They say the military and militias have engaged in widespread killing, rape and forced displacements in Darfur as they battle about rebels who have splintered into roughly a dozen groups. One of those groups staged a daring attack this month near the Sudanese capital, Khartoum. The government said it quashed the attack. Nearly 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million displaced in Darfur in the last five years, the UN says."
"(CNN) -- The mother of the man who gunned down eight of his colleagues at a beer distributor in Connecticut earlier this month says her son was ""no monster,"" but a ""gentle spirit"" who had reached his limit after being racially harassed at work. Omar Thornton, 34, called his mother, Lille Holliday, before fatally shooting himself, putting an end to the terrifying shooting spree that left eight people dead at Hartford Distributors in Manchester, Connecticut, on August 3. ""He said, 'I just killed the five most racist people,' and I knew he wasn't playing because he don't talk like that,"" Holliday told CNN's Soledad O'Brien in an interview that aired Tuesday. Holliday said when she looked at her caller ID and saw that the phone call was coming from her son's place of employment, ""I just kind of lost it."" Manchester police have said they have found no evidence of racial discrimination, and the president of Hartford Distributors said Thornton never filed a claim alleging racial discrimination. Instead, the company said it had asked him to resign after it found him stealing and selling alcoholic beverages. Holliday disputed that statement in the interview, saying, ""I know he reported the [racial] problems because he brought home the papers that they signed."" Thornton's girlfriend, Kristi Hannah, has said Thornton reported seeing drawings of a hangman with a noose around its neck as well as hearing the N-word directed toward him. Holliday said she had few clues as to what Thornton was planning, but noted, ""I could just kind of see slowly he was just getting frustrated and aggravated."" ""He was getting more stressed out and he started to just kind of change,"" Holliday said. ""He started not being so relaxed but I never thought that it would be possible that something like this would happen."" Asked about the how calm Thornton sounded when he placed a 911 call to police after the killings, Holliday said, ""I think that he was at his limit and the calmness is something that he's always been. I've never really seen him enraged."" Instead, Holliday described her son as a ""gentle spirit"" who would buy his mother's favorite ice cream and leave it in her freezer or leave a rose for her on her table. ""I wish he was still here with me,"" she said. ""I miss him so much."""
"(CNN) -- French workers on Thursday freed the manager of a factory run by U.S. company 3M held hostage in his office for more than 24 hours in a labor dispute over terms for laid-off staff. The manager of 3M's French operations, Luc Rousselet, eats in his office while he was held hostage. Luc Rousselet, who was unharmed, was allowed to leave the plant in Pithiviers, central France, early on Thursday morning after talks between unions and officials from 3M France. ""We have an agreement with 3M that they will provide the means to respond to our demands,"" union representative Jean-Francois Caparros told news agency AFP. ""The negotiations will resume and that's a very good thing,"" said Rousselet as he left an office where he took refuge on Tuesday afternoon. ""I am very happy for the employees of the Pithiviers factory. I know that this was a very difficult lay-off plan for them,"" he said as workers shouted ""Scoundrel boss!"" Is there any justification for taking this action? The 3M factory at the center of the dispute makes pharmaceutical products and employs 235 people. Of those 110 are being cut this year and 40 more are being transferred to another plant. Rousselet was briefing the laid-off workers about a compensation package but retreated to his office after feeling threatened. Maryse Bulte, 44, one of the employees, said: ""Initially we didn't want to hold him. We just sought talks and concrete results. ""It was despair and distress which made us do this,"" added Cyril Foufelle, 36. The manufacturer 3M, based in Minnesota, has announced thousands of job cuts around the world amid the economic downturn. Anger has been growing in the U.S. and Europe over job cuts and high bonuses for executives whose companies have been rescued with taxpayers' money. Earlier this month the boss of Sony France was held overnight before workers freed him after he agreed to reopen talks on compensation when the factory closed. And last week angry tire factory workers threw eggs at their bosses in a protest over the closure of their plant. The drama at Pithiviers, about 80 kilometers (50 miles) south of Paris, came as figures showed the number of jobless in France rose nearly 80,000 in February to reach 2.38 million. More than a million striking workers protested last week urging President Nicolas Sarkozy to do more to protect their jobs."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- College football's perennial armchair-quarterback argument over the need for a clear-cut national champion came to Capitol Hill Friday. College football teams play in the BCS for the national championship trophy. The House Subcommittee on Commerce, Trade, and Consumer Protection held a hearing to dissect the Bowl Championship Series, asking whether the model needs to be tweaked, overhauled or done away with altogether. Four witnesses testified at the morning hearing, including championship series coordinator John Swofford and Alamo Bowl President Derrick Fox; both of whom defended the current system, though Fox conceded that ""no system is perfect and the Bowl Championship Series is not perfect."" Mountain West Conference Commissioner Craig Thompson and Boise State Athletic Director Gene Bleymaier testified that they would like to see the system revamped. Many critics say they want college football to have a playoff system to ensure that a champion is clearly defined. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, called the Bowl Championship Series format unfair and perhaps took it one step further. ""You should either change your name to BES for Bowl Exhibition System or just drop the C and call it the BS system, because it is not about determining the championship on the field."" Both sides were cordial but opinionated. Fox said he would prefer Washington not get involved. ""Those who don't like the current system will say that's the way of the world, but we don't believe that government should have any role in promoting a demise of the bowl games."" Currently, 11 college conferences and three independents compete in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision -- formerly Division I-A. Six of those 11 conferences are guaranteed spots in the four Bowl Championship Series games. Schools from conferences that critics say are unfairly deemed as low profile are then left to fight their way into those prestige games. They share in significantly less of the series money and have less of an opportunity to challenge for the national title. President Obama is one of the proponents of a college football playoff. In an interview with ESPN in November, Obama said he's had just about enough of the Bowl Championship Series. ""I'm fed up with these computer rankings and this, that and the other. Get eight teams -- the top eight teams right at the end. You got a playoff. Decide on a national champion,"" Obama said. Before heading out early to catch a flight, Barton made it clear that he expects to see college football change its ways or risk having lawmakers introduce legislation to impose change for them. ""I think there is better than a 50 percent chance that if we don't see some action in the next two months on a voluntary switch to a playoff system that you will see this bill move,"" he said."
"Berlin (CNN) -- A 48-year-old German man admitted being the father of his stepdaughter's eight children Tuesday, but denied he had sexually abused her, a German court official said. The man, identified only as Detlef S., is on trial in Koblenz, Germany, charged with the sexual abuse of dependents and facilitating the sexual abuse of minors. He is accused of hundreds of incidents of sexual abuse of his daughter, his stepdaughter and his stepson between autumn 1987 and summer 2010. He is also charged with bringing his underage stepdaughter and his daughter to men who paid for sex with them on multiple occasions. The first allegations of abuse came more than a decade ago, in 1998, but there was no medical evidence to support the claims then, Germany's youth welfare office said in a statement Tuesday after the trial opened. Two stepsons leveled fresh accusations in 2002, saying the defendant was abusing his biological daughter, then 11. Police began an investigation but found no medical evidence and dropped the case, the statement said. The daughter denied having been abused, the welfare office said. It would not be against the law for the defendant to have a consensual sexual relationship with his stepdaughter, the office added. Two men are due in court on charges of sexual assault in connection with the case. A third man suspected of abusing the children has died, Koblenz state court spokesman Alexander Walter said. The trial of Detlef S. opened Tuesday, with his stepdaughter and stepson in court. His biological daughter was not present, Walter said. The stepdaughter is giving evidence against him, the court spokesman said. DNA test results introduced in court gave a ""99.999%"" certainty that the defendant is the father of her children, he said, and Detlef S. admitted Tuesday he was the father. But he denied the charges of sexual abuse, Walter said. Seven of the stepdaughter's eight children survived infancy, he said. He did not know the cause of death of the eighth. The sexual assaults took place in the defendant's home, in woods nearby and in various apartments near where the family lived, prosecutors charge. Only two of the 350 charges are related to the stepson, Walter said. The case is due to run through February 25, he said. One of the men accused of paying for sex with the children is due to go on trial March 18, he added. CNN's Roman Lehberger contributed to this report."
MUMBAI, India (CNN) -- The lawyer for the main suspect in last year's deadly terrorist attack in Mumbai was removed Wednesday, delaying the high-profile trial that was set to begin. Soldiers patrol in Mumbai on the eve of the trial of a key suspect in last year's attacks in the Indian city. The trial start for Mohammed Ajmal Kasab, 21, is expected to be moved to Thursday as officials scramble to settle the lawyer issue. Kasab is thought to be the only one of 10 gunmen to survive the three-day siege, which killed more than 160 people in November. As the trial was to begin, the judge removed attorney Anjali Waghmare because she also was representing a witness in the case. Waghmare argued that she had no idea that the person was a witness in the terror case, and she was representing this person in a different case. But the judge declared that it was a conflict of interest. An Indian court appointed Waghmare two weeks ago to represent Kasab, and it was unclear who would replace her. Kasab demanded that his attorney be replaced with a Pakistani lawyer. But the judge denied that request and said that a Pakistani lawyer may be able to be brought in as a consultant from outside the courtroom. Kasab, a Pakistani national, faces more than a dozen charges, including murder, conspiracy to wage a war against the nation and terrorism. During the proceedings Wednesday Kasab seemed relaxed and smiled many time at the large crowd of journalists in the courtroom. Kasab also requested newspapers to be brought in so that he could see what the media was writing about him. Prosecutors last month accused him of trying to delay the trial by insisting that the 11,000-page document detailing the charges against him -- which was written in English and the local Marathi language -- be translated into Urdu, the official language of Pakistan. The court rejected his request. Wednesday's trial was to take place in a makeshift court set up in a jail where Kasab -- who has been communicating with the judge via videolink -- is being held. Indian authorities have long blamed the Mumbai attacks on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a Pakistan-based militant outfit, but the group has denied responsibility. The violence initially heightened tensions between the two nuclear states. India has urged Pakistan to destroy what it calls terrorist infrastructure in that country. The two nations are longtime rivals that have fought three wars since their independence from the British, and conducted countering nuclear weapons tests in 1998. CNN's Sara Sidner contributed to this report.
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Supreme Court agreed Monday to examine whether prosecutors can aggressively prosecute illegal immigrants for identity theft if they didn't know the documents they were given belonged to someone else. The Supreme Court has agreed to grapple with the issues of identity theft and illegal immigration. The justices announced they will hear arguments in the appeal of a Mexican national arrested in a government work site raid in the Midwest. A ruling is expected by June. At issue is whether people who use fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else can be convicted of ""aggravated identity theft."" Stealing personal identification such as Social Security numbers  is illegal, but federal courts around the country are divided over how to treat people who buy them on the black market. Federal law states that for aggravated identity theft to occur, it must be proved that a person ""knowingly transfers, possesses, or uses, without lawful authority, a means of identification of another person."" Many criminals steal a person's identification to empty his or her bank account or falsely obtain loans or credit. Lawyers for the detained illegal immigrants say their clients simply used numbers picked ""out of thin air"" that happened to belong to another person. They used the numbers only to obtain work, not steal to money, the lawyers said. The Justice Department argues its prosecutors need not prove ""knowledge"" that the documents belonged to someone else instead of being fabricated. The difference could mean an additional two years in federal prison under an enhanced sentence. Most workers with false papers serve only a few months behind bars, and many are then deported. At stake is the government's crackdown on undocumented workers, most of whom must rely on fake IDs to obtain employment. Read a report from the front lines of the immigration debate . The case before the justices involves Mexican immigrant Ignacio Flores-Figueroa, who worked at a steel plant in East Moline, Illinois. He was arrested with phony Social Security and alien registration cards that had been assigned to someone else. He admitted obtaining the documents but said he did not know they were someone else's. He was convicted and sentenced to 75 months in prison. The court did not act on a similar appeal from a Mexican national who was arrested during a raid on a meat processing plant in Iowa, the largest criminal workplace enforcement operation in U.S. history. Nicasio Mendoza-Gonzalez was among 389 people arrested, most of whom were given five months in prison."
"(CNN) -- Richard Branson was born in 1950 and educated at Stowe School. It was here that he began to set up Student Magazine when he was just 16. By 17 he'd also set up Student Advisory Centre, which was a charity to help young people. In 1970 he founded Virgin as a mail order record retailer, and not long after he opened a record shop in Oxford Street, London. During 1972 a recording studio was built in Oxfordshire, and the first Virgin artist, Mike Oldfield, recorded ""Tubular Bells"" which was released in 1973. This album went on to sell over 5 million copies. Since then many household names, including Belinda Carlisle, Genesis, Phil Collins, Janet Jackson and The Rolling Stones have helped to make Virgin Music one of the top six record companies in the world. Branson formed Virgin Atlantic Airways in 1984, and it is now the second largest British long haul international airline and operates a fleet of Boeing 747 and Airbus A340 aircraft to locations including New York, Hong Kong, Johannesburg and Tokyo. During 1997 Virgin took over Britain's two most run-down rail franchises, CrossCountry and the West Coast Main Line. In addition to his own business activities, Branson is a trustee of several charities including the Virgin Healthcare Foundation, a leading healthcare charity which was responsible for the launch of a health education campaign relating to AIDS in 1987. The Foundation has also become involved in a lobbying campaign called Parents Against Tobacco, which aims to restrict tobacco advertising and sponsorship in sport. His help in the initial funding of charity projects helped that organization to raise over 100 million ($200 million), through campaigns such as Comic Relief and many other charities. To keep his adrenaline levels high, Richard has been involved in a number of world record-breaking attempts since 1985. In 1986 his boat, ""Virgin Atlantic Challenger II"" rekindled the spirit of the Blue Riband by crossing the Atlantic Ocean in the fastest ever recorded time. This was followed a year later by the epic hot air balloon crossing of the same ocean in ""Virgin Atlantic Flyer."" This was not only the first hot-air balloon to cross the Atlantic, but was the largest ever flown at 2.3 million cubic feet capacity, reaching speeds in excess of 130 miles per hour (209 km/h). Still after the ultimate adventure, in January 1991 Richard crossed the Pacific Ocean from Japan to Arctic Canada, the furthest distance of 6,700 miles. Again, he broke all existing records, with speeds of up to 245 miles -per hour in a balloon of 2.6 million cubic feet. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- Joran van der Sloot's lawyer has quit defending him against murder allegations in Peru, citing unspecified differences over strategy. Van der Sloot, the onetime suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway, faces a possible trial on first-degree murder and robbery charges in the killing of 21-year-old Stephany Flores. His lawyer, Maximo Altez, filed papers to withdraw from the case Tuesday. ""I cannot defend this case in the way he wants me to,"" Altez told In Session. He would not elaborate. Flores was found dead in a Lima hotel room registered to van der Sloot in May 2010. Police say van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile, where he was arrested a few days later. Peruvian authorities have yet to file formal charges against van der Sloot, who is expected to appear in court for a preliminary hearing on June 8. Once the discovery phase of the case ends, prosecutors will file charges and a trial date will be set. Altez has been defending van der Sloot on a pro bono basis and said he expects a public defender will be assigned to the case. He said the lack of payment did not play a role in his decision to quit. ""I thought this case would be a good opportunity to show the world that in Peru detainees are abused, and the Peruvian justice system is very informal,"" he said. And he said he will continue to represent van der Sloot in a related habeas corpus case claiming human rights violations during his arrest -- a case that would be thrown out if Altez withdrew from that case too. Altez threatened to quit the case once before after complaining of receiving threats by phone, e-mail and Facebook. The 23-year-old van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the disappearance of Holloway, who vanished at age 18 while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba. He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with her disappearance. Shortly after his 2010 arrest, a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges that he tried to extort $250,000 from the Holloway family. Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Natalee Holloway's remains in exchange for the money, according to the charges."
"(CNN) -- The husband of a Texas woman missing since March has a ""completely watertight alibi"" on the day his estranged wife disappeared, his lawyer said Wednesday. Julie Ann Gonzalez was last seen March 26 by her estranged husband, George De La Cruz, and Austin police said this week that they consider De La Cruz a ""person of interest"" in the disappearance. But the husband's lawyer told HLN's ""Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell"" that the documents are between three and nine months old. ""If anyone would look at the timeline of the day that Julie Ann disappeared and the timeline my client has provided from morning till night, it is physically impossible that he had anything to do with her disappearance,"" the attorney, Patrick Fagerberg, said. ""It is a completely watertight alibi everywhere he was."" Gonzalez, 21, was last seen March 26 when she came to pick up the couple's 2-year-old daughter. De La Cruz has said his wife appeared ""out of it"" when she came to the house, changed her mind about picking up their daughter and said she would come back later. The couple was going through a divorce, and Gonzalez had told a friend about a new man in her life whom she said was taking her away for the weekend, her mother, Sandra Soto, said in May. But she said Gonzalez's MySpace page was updated by a mobile phone user after her disappearance to add posts that read ""I wanted to run away"" and ""I'm sick of the BS in my life."" Her car, which was almost brand new, was found abandoned outside a Walgreen's drug store. Gonzalez worked as a pharmacy technician at another Walgreen's. And Gonzalez has not accessed her bank account since her disappearance, but someone used her credit card to purchase the movie ""The Spiderwick Chronicles"" at a store in Austin, her mother said. Fagerberg said De La Cruz was the one who purchased the movie. He said he spent three hours with detectives Tuesday, ""going over the warrants and giving the logical, innocent explanation for some things in those warrants which may appear incriminating on the surface."" But he said that when all the facts emerge, ""You will see that there was an innocent explanation for everything that happened that day,"" he said."
"BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (CNN)  -- Farmers in Argentina blocked highways and rural routes throughout the country to protest anew the lack in progress in negotiations with the government over export taxes on farm goods. Farmers stage a ""tractorazo"" in Esperanza, Argentina, on March 12 in protest against taxes on exports of soybeans. Argentine television news channel Todo Noticias showed images of trucks and cars stopped along rural routes in the provinces of Santa Fe and Entre Rios on Thursday. In the town of Armstrong, 250 miles northwest of the capital of Buenos Aires, protesters stopped traffic on Route 9, burned car tires and waved Argentine flags. The roadblocks were the latest in a year-long conflict between the government of President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and Argentina's large farming sector over export taxes on soybeans. Argentina is the world's third-largest soybean exporter. The country has been hard hit by recent drops in global commodities prices, as well as a severe drought. Last year, demonstrations by farmers caused food shortages and blocked farm products from leaving the country. On Thursday farmers once again mounted roadblocks after lawmakers failed to reach quorum in Congress to debate a bill that would reduce the 35 percent soybean export tax. As farmers gathered Thursday afternoon on the nation's highways, Fernandez was announcing new money-sharing measures. ""Soy revenues will go to a fund that will be shared with the provinces and municipalities,"" Fernandez told lawmakers at the presidential residence in Olivos. ""Seventy percent of the fund will be controlled by the federal government and 30 percent by governors and local officials."" ""It's never been our intention to take anything away from anyone,"" she said, alluding to complaints from farmers that the export taxes on soybeans were unfair. The president said $1.776 billion from the fund would be used for social infrastructure needs -- ""schools, houses, drinking water, sewers."" Fernandez cited ""the moment of international crisis"" as the reason for her decision to create ""a federal solidarity fund."" But farm leaders criticized the announcement as a political move during an election year. Fernandez has sent a bill to Congress that would move mid-term congressional elections up four months, from October to June. ""The government again will lose again with ideas like these; this is an attitude that will only serve to provoke farmers,"" Eduardo Buzzi of the Argentine Agrarian Federation told Todo Noticias. ""The people are still being strangled by these taxes."""
"BEIJING, China (CNN)  -- The Chinese women's gymnastics team did not use underage competitors during this year's Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, the International Gymnastics Federation said Wednesday. Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner  He Kexin was only 14 years old. The federation said it has concluded its inquiry into the matter after it confirmed the gymnasts' ages through official documents that the Chinese Gymnasts Association provided. The documents included passports, identity cards and household registers. However, the organization intends to further investigate the ages of two gymnasts, Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun, who participated in the 2000 summer games in Sydney, Australia. The federation said it did not consider  the explanations and evidence that Chinese authorities provided in regard to those athletes as satisfactory. The International Olympic Committee had asked gymnastics officials to clarify the situation after numerous commentators, bloggers and others questioned whether about half the members of China's team were old enough to compete.  Watch tiny gymnasts work out  . Athletes must be at least 16 in the year the games take place. In women's gymnastics, younger girls can have an advantage over older competitors on account of their often smaller, lighter and more agile bodies. The Chinese women's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition at the Beijing games, and five members won individual medals. One of the challenges came from a blogger known as ""Stryde Hax."" The blogger claimed to have uncovered proof that Chinese gymnast He Kexin is only 14. In Internet searches, ""Stryde Hax"" allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He. CNN was not been able to independently verify the information, but snapshots of the Web pages appeared to back up the claim. Other bloggers joined the search and reported similar results. The New York Times conducted its own investigation, producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team. The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1, 1994. The International Gymnastics Federation, however, has said that those gymnasts were eligible and that the ages on their passports were correct. Chinese gymnastics coaches also defended their team. ""Asians have different figures than people from the West, so that's what caused their suspicion,"" said Huang Yubin, head coach of the men's and women's teams, referring to media inquiries. ""They shouldn't be suspicious."""
"Los Angeles (CNN) -- Zsa Zsa Gabor's doctors took ""one last shot"" at saving the ailing actress' leg with powerful antibiotics her publicist said Monday afternoon. If the newest treatment at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center does not heal a ""very deep"" lesion in her lower leg, it will be amputated below the knee, according to spokesman John Blanchette. ""She has to be on very strong antibiotics for the next few days and then they will decide what kind of operation to go ahead with,"" Gabor's husband, Prince Frederic Von Anhalt, told HLN's ""The Joy Behar Show"" Monday. Gabor, whose 94th birthday is next month, has not been told that amputation is a possibility, Von Anhalt said. ""I'm not going to tell my wife that she probably could lose her leg,"" he said. ""She's going to get a heart attack."" Doctors recommended that Gabor check into the hospital before Christmas, he said, but she didn't want to go. ""She was crying and begged me 'Please don't bring me to the hospital over the holidays,'"" he said. Her condition worsened in recent days as gangrene set in, he said. ""It smells already bad,"" In November, Gabor was hospitalized for a swollen leg, her husband said at the time. Paramedics initially suspected Gabor suffered from a blood clot in her left leg, but an emergency room doctor at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center later determined she had an infection, according to Von Anhalt. Gabor has been frail and ""pretty much confined to a wheelchair"" since a 2002 car accident, Von Anhalt has said. The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles. The Hungarian-born actress, the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters, is most famous for her many marriages. Among her husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders. Her more prominent films include John Huston's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic, ""Moulin Rouge;"" ""The Story of Three Loves"" in 1953; ""The Girl in the Kremlin"" in 1957; and Orson Welles' 1958 classic, ""Touch of Evil."" CNN's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Japanese stocks closed down 10.55 percent, recovering from deeper losses earlier in the session, as the nation grappled with a crisis at an earthquake-damaged nuclear power plant and the aftermath of last week's earthquake and tsunami. It was the third steepest percentage fall in the Nikkei's history. At one point, the Nikkei plunged more than 1,390 points, or more than 14 percent, nearing the worst-ever plunge of 14.90 percent on October 20, 1987, after the U.S. stock market crash on Black Monday. The close at 8,605.15, combined with the 6.2 percent drop on Monday, the first full trading day after the quake, marked a nearly 17 percent drop in two days. A few hours earlier, Prime Minister Naoto Kan said the risk of further releases of radioactive material from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant remained ""very high."" The Tokyo market had opened shortly after the owner of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in northeastern Japan reported an ""explosive impact"" at the plant's No. 2 reactor, a day after a hydrogen explosion rocked another reactor. The plant was among the many structures damaged or destroyed by the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami. The death toll following the quake has risen to 2,475, authorities said, with at least 3,118 people missing. The Kyodo News Agency said that doesn't take into account reports of thousands of bodies in one northeastern prefecture. More than 450,000 people are reported homeless. Other Asian markets were also down markedly, a day after modest gains in the face of the Japanese sell-off. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was off 3 percent in afternoon trading. U.S. markets were set for a lower open. S&P and Dow futures were lower by 0.6 percent, while Nasdaq futures were down 0.8 percent. Check world markets . World markets finished generally lower Monday as investors assessed the impact of the Japanese disaster on the global economy. In the United States, the Dow Jones industrial average slid 51 points, or 0.4 percent. In Europe, Britain's FTSE-100 ended down 0.9 percent, with France's CAC-40 and Germany's DAX both more than 1 percent lower."
"(CNN)  -- Tyson Gay sent out a world championship message to Usain Bolt as he eased to victory in the 200 meters at the London Grand Prix on Saturday in a super-fast 20 seconds dead. Tyson Gay powers off the bend on his way to 200m victory in the London Grand Prix. Gay shrugged off a minor groin injury coming into the meeting to make a rapid start and had the race wrapped up as he entered the straight. He left compatriot Wallace Spearman 20 meters adrift with Ireland's Paul Hession in third. In May, reigning double world champion Gay set the fastest time in the world this year when he ran the 200m in 19.58 seconds in New York, but Bolt responded with a 19.59 seconds clocking in difficult conditions in Lausanne. Bolt showed his superlative form by winning the 100 meters on the first day of the London Grand Prix in 9.91 seconds into a strong headwind and anchored Racers TC to an easy victory in the sprint relay which rounded off the action on the second day. The Kingston-based club which included fellow Jamaicans Yohan Blake and Mario Forysth, plus Antigua's Daniel Bailey, run the fourth-best time in history, 37.46 seconds, as Bolt strode out in typical style. Bolt and Gay are set for a massive showdown for global supremacy in the world championships next month but the American admitted his injury was still a concern. ""My groin has been tight on me, I'm trying to take a little Advil (painkillers) to run through the pain,"" he told reporters. ""I've got to be tough about it. I don't feel it when I run, it's after. ""I'm just taking it one day at a time, it's just frustrating. Any time a sprinter feels any type of nagging pain they get frustrated and the mind has to get strong again. ""I didn't get to warm up like I wanted to because of the situation but I don't think about limping once the gun is shot, I just run."" In other action on Saturday, Carmelita Jeter of the United States showed she will be a contender at the world championships with a 10.92 second clocking to win the women's 100m. Double Olympic champion Tirunesh Dibaba of Ethiopia made a successful return to the track after injury to win the women's 5,000 in 14 minutes 33.65 seconds, the fastest in the world this year."
"(CNN) -- Australia drew 1-1 with World Cup opponents Ghana despite playing with 10 men for over an hour of Saturday's Group D clash in Rustenburg. The result put Ghana in pole position to qualify for the second round in South Africa, with four points from two games. Serbia's shock win over Germany on Friday left both sides on three points, while Australia prop up the table with just one. Australia's key player Harry Kewell, returning from long-term injury, was shown a straight red card by Italian referee Roberto Rosetti in the 24th minute after being adjudged to have deliberately blocked a goalbound shot from Ghana's Jonathan Mensah with his arm. Brett Holman had given Australia -- who had Tim Cahill sent off in their opening defeat by Germany -- the lead in the 11th minute, capitalizing on a mistake by Ghana goalkeeper Richard Kingson. Kingson failed to gather a ball from Mark Bresciano's 30-yard free-kick, and Holman pounced on the rebound and fired home from close range. Going a goal down galvanized the Ghanaians, who embarked upon a series of promising attacks. The Black Stars' pressure eventually told when they were awarded a penalty in for Kewell's misdemeanor. When the distraught Galatasaray midfielder eventually left the pitch, Asamoah Gyan -- who scored the winning penalty in Ghana's first World Cup match against Serbia -- made no mistake from the spot. Ghana were denied a halftime lead when Kevin Prince Boateng's surging run into the penalty area ended with a low shot, but Socceroos keeper Mark Schwarzer dived low to his right to pull off a fine save. Ghana continued to press forward in the second half but failed to make their man advantage tell. And as second half wore on their shooting became increasingly speculative and wild, although substitute Quincy Owusu Abeyie forced a save from Schwarzer in injury-time. Luke Wilkshire should have put Australia ahead again in the 72nd minute when he was clean through on goal, but the midfielder shot straight at Kingson, who parried the ball away. Substitute striker Joshua Kennedy was on hand for the rebound, but could only scuff his effort into the ground, allowing Kingson time to gather the ball. After the match, Australia's coach Pim Verbeek conceded that his team's chances of reaching the next round of the competition were slim, but he refused to give up hope. ""The next game we have to win at least 3-0. We are still in the race, but it will be quite difficult,"" he told the BBC. ""But I'm really proud of the players, I think playing with 10 players for such a long time was not easy."""
"Washington (CNN) -- A lesbian couple together for more than a decade smiled through tears Tuesday as they became the first same-sex couple to marry in the District of Columbia, on the first day such unions are legal in the nation's capital. Sinjoyla Townsend and Angelisa Young said they had waited years to marry. They were first in line last week to apply for a marriage license at Washington's marriage bureau. ""You are my friend, my partner, my love,"" Young, 47, told Townsend, 41. ""I will love you today, tomorrow and forever."" After the wedding, those present cheered as the two women embraced and cried. They have been together for 12 years and have children, according to biographical information released by the Human Rights Campaign and D.C. Clergy United for Marriage Equality. The new law survived a Supreme Court challenge. The measure went into effect last week, but couples had to hold off until Tuesday because of the district's three-day waiting period. ""We're very excited,"" Townsend said last week. She and Young were among 100 couples applying for licenses. Share your thoughts on same-sex marriage . The district joins Connecticut, Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Vermont in allowing same-sex couples to marry. Mayor Adrian Fenty signed the Washington measure into law in December after the city council overwhelming passed it. It then went through a review period, during which Congress had an opportunity to intervene. The Supreme Court last week rejected a request from a group of Washington residents to keep the law from going into effect. Local courts had previously turned down lawsuits to block it. Opponents of the law say city residents should have had a chance to vote on the issue before the city council passed it. They hope to force a ballot initiative to overturn the law. Also among the first couples to marry Tuesday were Reggie Stanley and Rocky Galloway, both 50. The couple have two daughters, Malena and Zoe Stanley-Galloway, each 15 months old, according to the biographical information released by the equality groups. Also married on Tuesday were the Rev. Elder Darlene Garner, 61, and the Rev. Lorilyn Candy Holmes, 53, of Laurel, Maryland. Both of them serve in leadership roles in the Metropolitan Community Church. The women are mothers, grandmothers and great-grandmothers, according to the groups. During Garner and Holmes' ceremony, a representative from their families read a statement blessing the marriage."
"(CNN) -- The captain and chief officer of a Chinese-registered ship that ran aground on the Great Barrier Reef will appear in an Australian court Thursday, charged with damaging the reef. The Shen Neng 1 veered more than 27 kilometers (17 miles) off course and ended up on a shoal in the Reef on April 3, prompting concerns of an oil spill near the world's largest coral reef system. On Wednesday, the Australian Federal Police announced that they have arrested the 47-year-old Chinese master of the vessel and the 44-year-old chief officer. The captain was charged with liability for the vessel. He faces a maximum fine of A$55,000 (U.S. $50,852). The chief officer is accused of being on watch when the ship caused the damage. He faces up to three years in prison and a fine of A$220,000 (U.S. $203,411). Authorities did not disclose the name of either man. The ship was carrying about 65,000 tons of coal to China from the Australian port of Gladstone when it ran aground on the shoal -- a combination of shell and sand -- near the southernmost point of the Great Barrier Reef, just north of Great Keppel Island. About 950 tons of oil were on board. A small oil slick caused by the ship's grounding did not threaten the Great Barrier Reef after crews sprayed dispersants on it and surface netting helped to contain it. Officials said the ship's captain had a 10-mile-wide channel to navigate through in an area where pilots aren't needed -- a relatively wide open section of sea, 70 kilometers (43 miles) off shore and away from the larger mass of coral most people associate with the Great Barrier Reef. ""He got 15 nautical miles (17.3 miles) off course, which is just outrageous,"" Adam Nicholson, a spokesman for Maritime Safety Queensland, said at the time. Nicholson likened it to a car veering off a 2-mile wide road. ""We have thousands of boats moving in that same space every year and nothing has ever happened like this,"" he said. The Great Barrier Reef is made up of roughly 3,000 individual reefs and 900 islands spanning over 2,600 km (1,600 miles) off the coast of Queensland in the Coral Sea."
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- A 31-year-old Ecuadorean man who was beaten last Sunday in what New York City authorities say may have been a hate crime has died at a Queens hospital, his brother said Saturday. Jose Sucuzhanay was beaten after leaving a party at a Catholic church. Jose Sucuzhanay and his brother, Romel, had left a party on December 7 at St. Brigid's Roman Catholic Church when several men approached them in a car in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, police said. The men allegedly began shouting anti-gay and anti-Latino vulgarities at the two men. Jose Sucuzhanay suffered severe head trauma and was taken to Elmhurst Hospital. He died Friday night from his injuries. Romel Sucuzhanay, 38, escaped with minor scrapes and has talked with detectives on the case. City Council Speaker Christine Quinn said she was ""horrified to learn that anti-LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transsexual) and anti-Latino slurs were used by one or more of the assailants, raising this event to the level of a hate crime.""  Watch how attack has outraged the Latino community  . Quinn said she was in touch with the NYPD's Hate Crimes Task Force. According to police, however, the attack has not been categorized as a hate crime. ""This is a wake-up call and shows how far we still must come to address the devastating problem of hate crimes in our communities,"" said Diego Sucuzhanay, Jose's brother, in a written statement. ""Only by exposing these crimes and working together will we be able to make a difference."" No arrests have been made in the case. Police are offering a $22,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in the attack. Sucuzhanay's mother arrived Saturday in New York from the family's home outside Quito, Ecuador, only to learn that he son had died, said family spokesman Francisco Moya. He said the victim had lived in the United States for more than a decade and was a legal resident, working as a real estate broker. A news conference is expected to be held Sunday afternoon."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- The world has lost almost one-fifth of its coral reefs according a new report released by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Coral reefs could be wiped out in 30-40 years according to a new report. Compiled by the Global Coral Reef Monitoring Network, the report has brought together the work of researchers from 15 countries with data stretching back 20 years. It's not just climate change -- which raises ocean temperatures and increases seawater acidification -- which is damaging reefs. In some parts of the world overfishing, pollution and invasive species are proving equally harmful. Scientists are warning that reef destruction will have alarming consequences for around 500 million people who rely on coral reefs for their livelihood. Left unchecked, remaining reefs could be completely wiped out by 2050, the report says. Professor Olof Linden from the World Maritime University in Malmo, Sweden, told CNN: ""We see a great and imminent threat of more reefs being lost."" Speaking from the U.N. Climate Conference in Poznan, Poland, Professor Linden said that the 19 percent figure is an average. ""For many developing countries like Sri Lanka and countries in East Africa the percentage of damage is much worse. Sometimes three times as high in some places,"" he said. ""In these areas we have local effects like dynamite fishing and other destructive fishing techniques combined the threat of coral mining, unmanaged tourism and all kinds of pollution from agriculture."" But overall the biggest threat to reef survival is climate change. ""The most destructive climate event to impact the coral reefs so far,"" said Linden, ""was the 1998 El Nino which caused major coral bleaching and disrupted ecosystems all over the planet."" iReport.com: What little things are you doing to save the planet? Scientists say reefs have recovered somewhat from those bleaching events. But the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004, coupled with coral disease and human effects, have slowed their recuperation. Coral reefs not only provide an income and food for those who live near them, but are also effective natural barriers against storm surges. Despite the report's pessimism, researchers see some encouraging signs. Forty-five percent of the world's reefs are currently in good health and the hope remains that damaged reefs can recover and adjust to the changing conditions. ""We must focus on helping corals to adapt to climate change and on diverting people away from destructive practices such as overfishing,"" Linden said."
"KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Afghanistan's opium production dropped dramatically this year partly because of new aggressive drug-fighting tactics in the country, a United Nations study found. Afghan police officers use tractors to destroy poppy crops in Helmand province earlier this year. According to the report from the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime, production dipped by 10 percent this year, while cultivation fell by 22 percent. ""At a time of pessimism about the situation in Afghanistan, these results are a welcome piece of good news and demonstrate that progress is possible,"" said Antonio Maria Costa, the office's executive director. The United Nations notes that drugs originating in Afghanistan have ""catastrophic consequences."" ""They fund the activities of criminals, insurgents and terrorists in Afghanistan and elsewhere. Collusion with corrupt government officials is undermining public trust, security and the rule of law. ""Widespread money-laundering is harming the reputation of banks in the Gulf and farther afield,"" it said. Watch U.N. official discuss concerns about opium stockpiles  . The report, released this week, attributed the decrease to better government leadership, aggressive counter-narcotics tactics, a push for farmers to grow legal crops and pressure from NATO-led soldiers. This was the second year that the production of the opium, used to produce heroin, had dropped in Afghanistan. The study found 20 of the 34 provinces in Afghanistan were now free of opium farming. The most significant drop this year was in Helmand province, the volatile southern region where NATO-led forces are battling with militants. In that opium hotbed, cultivation dipped from 103,590 to 69,833 hectares (255,976 to 172,561 acres). But even with this seemingly good news, some fear that drug traffickers in Afghanistan are preparing to fight back. According to the report, researchers found evidence strong drug cartels, similar to ones seen in Colombia, were being formed by participants in Afghanistan's drug trade. ""A marriage of convenience between insurgents and criminal groups is spawning narco-cartels linked to the Taliban,"" Costa said. Incentive programs giving local farmers seeds and training in growing legal crops represent a key tactic in the fight against drugs. Local farmers in Helmand are being trained at a facility ran by the U.S. Agency for International Development. Farmers like Abdul Qadir said programs like this one are key to bringing peace to war-torn Afghanistan. ""These countries that are here, why are they with guns and bombs? If you can just help the people of Afghanistan in this way, the fighting will go away, these Taliban and other enemies of the country will also disappear,"" Qadir said. CNN's Atia Abawi contributed to this report."
"NAIROBI, Kenya (CNN) -- A high-level Kenyan delegation has agreed with the International Criminal Court to set up a tribunal by July 2010 to prosecute those who instigated last year's devastating post-election violence. Residents of a Nairobi slum shout during clashes between two rival groups in January 2008. Failing that, the government in Kenya will refer the case to the court's prosecutor to take over. The delegation, in a signed agreement with chief prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo, also agreed to provide the court with a report on the current status of investigations and prosecutions so it can carry out ""preliminary examinations"" of the case. The violence that erupted in Kenya following a disputed election in December 2007 nearly tore apart an African country once considered an island of peace in an otherwise troubled region that includes Somalia. Nearly 1,500 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced after the re-election of Mwai Kibaki. The opposition, led by Raila Odinga, and many independent observers, said the vote had been rigged. Under pressure from abroad and the region, former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan helped hammer out an agreement that led to a coalition government of all major political parties. A key part of the deal was the forming of a tribunal to investigate and prosecute the leaders responsible for the violence. Annan promised to hand over a list of suspects to the court, should the Kenyan government not form a tribunal. He gave August as a deadline. The court's agreement with Kenya now gives the government breathing room. A U.N. special investigator, in a report issued in June, called for the resignation of top Kenyan officials and sweeping changes in the country's security forces to end reported unlawful killings by police nationwide. The report called for the resignation of Kenya's attorney general and the immediate replacement of the police commissioner. It also said Kibaki should publicly acknowledge his commitment to ending unlawful killings by police. The Kenya government expressed its ""deep displeasure"" and ""grave concern"" with the report, saying it impinged on the country's sovereignty. The U.N. investigator also advocated creating an independent civilian police oversight body, and said the International Criminal Court should investigate violence after the 2007 election. He urged the government to create a witness protection program as well. Many analysts who follow Kenya think the next general election in 2012 has a significant chance of descending into violence, should key government reforms not be put in place."
"(CNN) -- So, what exactly is news in a virtual world? CNN has opened an I-Report hub in the virtual world of Second Life. CNN aims to find out by opening an I-Report hub in Second Life, a three-dimensional virtual world created entirely by its residents. There, CNN will look to those most familiar with the virtual world -- the Second Life residents themselves -- to determine what constitutes news ""in-world."" Developer Linden Labs opened Second Life to the public in 2003. According to its Web site, Second Life is inhabited by millions of ""residents"" from around the globe. However, traffic at any given time hovers around  40,000 users.  See the many views of Second Life.  . Just as CNN asks its real-life audience to submit I-Reports -- user-generated content submitted from cell phones, computers, cameras and other equipment for broadcast and online reports -- the network is encouraging residents of Second Life to share their own ""SL I-Reports"" about events occurring within the virtual world. ""The thing we most hope to gain by having a CNN presence in Second Life is to learn about virtual worlds and understand what news is most interesting and valuable to their residents,"" said Susan Grant, executive vice president of CNN News Services.  Watch CNN's welcome video from Second Life  . When Second Life residents observe an in-world event they deem newsworthy, they can take snapshots, shoot video, or write a report about the event and submit to CNN. Submissions selected by CNN I-Report producers will go back into Second Life for residents to view throughout the virtual world. SL I-Reports may also be viewed and discussed in the real world at CNN.com's SL I-Report Blog. CNN's in-world I-Report hub includes a news desk where CNN producers will hold weekly editorial discussions, and an amphitheater for larger in-world events, such as training sessions and appearances by CNN anchors and correspondents. CNN's first in-world training session will be held Tuesday, November 13, at 5 p.m. ET at the I-Report Hub. At the I-Report hub, residents can also meet other resident reporters, as well as access I-Report kiosks, free-standing terminals where residents can pick up free gear and tools for gathering and viewing in-world user-generated content. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN)  -- Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has sent letters of invite to both the Pakistani president and prime minister for them to attend the semifinal of the Cricket World Cup between the two nations next week. The match between the two Asian rivals -- two of most passionately supported cricket nations in the world -- takes place in Mohali, India on March 30, and will provide the biggest clash of the 2011 event. And, with tensions between the nations having been high in recent years, Prime Minister Singh has taken the opportunity to prove India and Pakistan can show unity on what is likely to be a passionate and dramatic occasion. Wajid Shamshul Hasan, Pakistan's High Commissioner to London, confirmed the invitations to CNN, although he could not confirm whether prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani or president Asif Ali Zardari would be able to take up the Indian offer. Hasan told CNN: ""We consider it to be a step forward and a confidence building measure. Cricket is a religion in India and Pakistan, so there will be a lot of rising passion. ""Both nations love good cricket so it will be a tough contest. I'm hosting a lunch so that all of my office can watch the game, but I hope the team that plays the best cricket wins."" Wednesday's showdown will be the biggest fixture between the sporting and political rivals in recent years. The countries have fought three wars since becoming independent from Britain in 1947 and tensions are high after the 2008 attacks carried out by Pakistani militants on the Indian city of Mumbai which killed 166 people. It is not the first time that cricket has united the country's leaders -- in 2005 General Prevez Musharraf watched a match with Singh in Delhi and in 1987 General Zia-ul-Haq accepted Rajiv Gandhi's invitation to watch a game in Jaipur. However, it would be the first visit to India by a Pakistani head of state or government for a decade. ""This is a very positive step. It gives hope to people,"" prominent Pakistan lawyer and human rights activist Asma Jahangi told Indian television network IBN. ""We're coming back to cricket diplomacy. The point is not to win the game but the fact that we are playing together. There is excitement on both sides. The politicians have to take this forward in a meaningful way."""
"(CNN)  -- The Netherlands came from a goal down to beat 10-man Brazil 2-1 in their World Cup quarterfinal clash in Port Elizabeth on Friday. An early goal from Robinho had put Brazil in command, but in the second half the Dutch drew level when Wesley Sneijder's cross was deflected into his own net by Felipe Melo. Inter Milan's Sneijder then headed his team ahead in the 68th minute after Arjen Robben's corner had been cleverly flicked on by Dirk Kuyt. A miserable afternoon for Melo was completed when he was sent off for stamping on Robben. The Dutch will play either Uruguay or Ghana in the semifinals, but for Brazil and coach Dunga it is a bitter defeat. ""We are all responsible for this situation but I have the greatest responsibility,"" he told AFP. The inspirational Sneijder was surprised to score the winner with a rare headed goal. ""This was my first header here, I don't think it will happen again, but it was great,"" he told AFP. ""The ball slipped on my bald head and went into the net, a great feeling."" The 26-year-old added: ""If you can eliminate Brazil, one of the best teams in this championship the first feeling is relief, we always believed in it."" A Dutch victory had looked unlikely as the five-time World Cup champions took charge from the start. Melo found Robinho with a precise pass through a static Dutch defense and he made no mistake as he swept his shot past Maarten Stekelenburg in the 10th minute. Further chances fell to the Brazilians as Dani Alves set up defender Juan who blazed his volley over. The best move of the match involving Robinho and Lus Fabiano saw Kaka draw a brilliant save from Stekelenburg, while right back Maicon shot into the side netting on the run as half-time approached. There seemed no way back for the Dutch, but a 53rd minute aberration from Brazil keeper Julio Cesar turned the tide of the match. He totally missed Sneijder's left-footed cross from the right and the unfortunate Melo saw it brush his body before finding its way into the net. More poor defending allowed Sneijder to give the Dutch the lead and when Melo was deservedly shown red it was the end of the line for the South American champions. Only a strong run and shot by Kaka which was deflected away offered them much hope and they might have fallen further behind to Dutch counter attacks."
"KIEV, Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev. Vidic clashes with Roma goalkeeper Gianluca Curci during the UEFA Champions League Group F match. The former Spartak Moscow player sat out Saturday's 4-1 victory at Aston Villa after suffering concussion during the Premier League win over Wigan immediately before the international break. However, he has made a good recovery and will now partner Rio Ferdinand in the heart of the United defense. Injury-plagued French striker Louis Saha definitely misses the tie with a long-term knee problem and fellow casualties Gary Neville and Owen Hargreaves also stayed behind. England striker Wayne Rooney, who scored twice against Villa and was also on target in England's Euro 2008 defeat against Russia in Moscow last week, will partner Carlos Tevez in attack. A third successive victory after 1-0 wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma would virtually guarantee United a place in the knock-out stage. United flew to Kiev a day earlier than normal, taking their own chefs and dieticians with them. ""The travel is always the biggest worry in these situations,"" said Ferguson. ""Ukraine is further away than most other journeys around Europe."" Senegal defender Pape Diakhate, Guinea forward Ismael Bangoura and Ukraine midfielder Taras Mykhalyk are expected to return for Dynamo, but former Tottenham forward Serhiy Rebrov is an absentee. Dynamo warmed up for Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over strugglers Zakarpattia on Saturday in the Ukrainian Championship. But Kiev are bottom of Group F after losing their first two games -- 2-0 at Roma and 2-1 at home to Sporting. Glasgow Rangers are without Jean-Claude Darcheville and Brahim Hemdani for their formidable home clash against Barcelona on Tuesday. Darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem while Hemdani misses the Group E tie in Glasgow with a groin problem that kept him out of the weekend's 3-0 win against Celtic. UEFA Cup favorites Bayern Munich will probably have to do without midfielder Franck Ribery for their group game against Red Star Belgrade on Thursday. The French international hurt his thigh in Saturday's 2-1 win at Bochum that saw Bayern extend their lead at the top of the Bundesliga. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- Schools of robotic fish could one day map the ocean floor, detect pollution or inspect and survey submerged boats or oil and gas pipelines, researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say. MIT researcher Pablo Valdivia Alvarado works in his lab on a robotic fish he co-created. MIT engineers are showing off the latest generation of so-called robofish 15 years after they built the first one. The latest incarnation is sleeker, more streamlined and capable of mimicking the movements of a real fish. And it's capable of exploring underwater terrain submersibles can't, said Pablo Valdivia Alvarado, a mechanical engineer at the school. ""Some of our sponsors were thinking of using them for inspection and surveillance,"" Alvarado said. ""Since these prototypes are very cheap, the idea was to build hundreds -- 200, 500 -- and then just release them in a bay or at a port, and they would be roaming around taking measurements."" MIT researchers built their first robotic fish, ""Robotuna,"" in 1994. But Robotuna has gone the way of the dinosaur. Alvarado said the new generation -- modeled after bass and trout -- cost only a few hundred dollars and have only 10 parts instead of the thousands used in Robotuna. At five to 18 inches, the new fish is much smaller than Robotuna and built from a single, soft polymer. And unlike Robotuna, the fish is able to be released in the oceans. ""Most of the brains, the electronics, are embedded inside,"" said Alvarado, who designed the robofish with fellow MIT engineer Kamal Youcef-Toumi. ""We have built prototypes with the battery inside, but for my experiments, for simplicity. We have a lot of prototypes that are simply tethered. We have a cable that runs out from the body and connects to a power supply."" The new generation has withstood harsh conditions in the lab, including two years of testing inside tanks filled with tap water, which is corrosive to standard robots, according to Alvarado, who says the Robotuna inspired him to take the technology to the next level. The oil exploration company Schlumberger helped fund the research, but Alvarado says the U.S. Navy has also expressed interest in the robofish. MIT's mechanical engineers are now turning their attention to new challenges: A robotic manta ray and a terrestrial robot in the form of a salamander. CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The Mexican military has arrested a suspect in the killings this month of three people with ties to the U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, police and federal spokesmen said Monday. The arrested man is Ricardo Valles de la Rosa, municipal police spokesman Jacinto Seguro said. According to Juarez newspaper El Diario, the suspect also was sought in connection with at least one other homicide: the killing of Zapata Reyes, a member of the rival Mexicles gang. Valles de la Rosa reportedly has U.S. ties, having been charged with 10 counts related to drug trafficking in the United States, local media said. The suspect is a resident of la colonia Partido Romero in Ciudad Juarez, the media said, adding that he may rent a place in El Paso. Federal spokesman Enrique Torres said the suspect was arrested sometime Friday. He did not release a name, but described him as being 42 years old and a member of the Aztecas, a local street gang affiliated with the Juarez drug cartel. ""The Chihuahua state attorney general is telling us that this guy is implicated in the killings of Arthur Redelfs and his pregnant wife, Lesley [Enriquez],"" Seguro said. El Diario reported that the suspect was captured with the help of the FBI. An FBI spokesman in El Paso, Texas, had no comment, other than to say that the investigation continues. The three victims had all been at a party in Juarez and left in two vehicles that looked similar. They were killed on the roads in drive-by shootings. Enriquez was an employee of the consulate in Juarez and was four months pregnant. Redelfs, her U.S. citizen husband, was a jailer in El Paso. The couple's 10-month-old child, who also was in the vehicle, was not injured. The third victim, found dead in the other vehicle, was identified as the husband of a Mexican employee of the consulate. His wife was not traveling with him, but two of their children in the car were wounded, officials said. CNN's Carol Cratty contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Manchester United came a goal behind and shrugged off the early loss of Michael Owen to injury to beat German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 for their second victory in Champions League Group B. Giggis is congratulated by teammates after scoring his 150th goal for United. Owen, looking to impress watching England manager Fabio Capello, survived for just 20 minutes at Old Trafford before going off with a groin strain. His replacement Dimitar Berbatov proved highly effective but the enterprising visitors went ahead through a Edin Dzeko header in the 56th minute. Ryan Giggs equalized just three minutes later with his 150th goal for the Red Devils, his deflected shot finding its way home. The evergreen Giggs then set up Michael Carrick for the 76th minute winner as he curled home his shot from the edge of the penalty area. United manager Alex Ferguson paid his own compliment to the Welsh wizard as he reflected on a hard-fought home victory. ""He's unbelievable, all the infinitives, all the praise over the years, I don't know if you can add to it. He's a marvellous player."" Ferguson also revealed that Owen would be out for between two to three weeks with his latest injury. The three points leave United top of the group with two wins from two games after their eighth victory in a row in all competitions. In the other Group B action on Wednesday, CSKA Moscow bounced back from their 2-1 defeat to Wolfsburg in the first round of matches to see off Turkish champions Besiktas 2-1. Midfielders Alan Dzagoev and Milos Krasic scored for the hosts either side of half time, with Besiktas, beaten in their first two games, pulling a goal back thorugh Ismail Koybasi. In Group A, the heavyweight clash between Bayern Munich and Juventus ended in a goalless draw. Munich had several chances in their home Allianz Arena, but failed to convert them although they do top the group with four points. French champions Bordeaux are in second place on three points after a 1-0 home win over Israeli counterparts Maccabi Haifa. Having drawn with Juventus in their group opener, Laurent Blanc's men had wait until the 83rd minute for a vital breakthrough as Michael Ciani headed home from Gregory Sertic's corner. Juventus are third in the group after two draws, with Maccabi bottom after drawing blank."
"(CNN) -- Seth Meyers will remain the lone talking head on the ""Saturday Night Live"" Weekend Update desk, at least in the near future, according to the comedian. Seth Meyers is thankful that politicians ""did not stop being crazy"" after the 2008 elections. ""It looks like for right now, we're going to stick with doing it solo,"" Meyers said Monday in New York as he was getting ready for the show's 35th season premiere on September 26. Meyers, SNL's head writer, hosted the popular sketch alone after Amy Poehler left the show last season. Last week, several online sites were reporting that featured player Kristen Wiig was set to become Meyers' partner on the show's longest-running recurring segment. ""I'm so heartbroken that the Internet, for the first time, was wrong about something,"" Meyers joked. ""How are we ever going to trust the Internet again?"" Meyers called Wiig ""almost too valuable,"" saying making her a full-time co-anchor would mean she could never play guest characters during the segment. Poehler reportedly will join Meyers for some segments of ""Weekend Update Thursday,"" a 30-minute, prime-time version of the skit that debuted during the 2008 presidential election and that the network hopes will have similar success during the upcoming season. ""I owe a big thanks to politicians,"" said Meyers. ""They did not stop being crazy and disingenuous after the election. So we have that going for us."" Poehler won't be the only cast member from last year missing on the September 26 premiere, hosted by actress Megan Fox with musical guest U2. Fans were surprised last week about news that regulars Michaela Watkins and Casey Wilson had been sacked. Both said they were surprised that their contracts were not renewed. ""I think that the two who are leaving are going to be incredibly successful wherever they go,"" Meyers said, declining to elaborate on his thoughts about the decision by creator and executive producer Lorne Michaels. In their places will be Jenny Slate and Nasim Pedrad, both veterans of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre. ""They came and auditioned and were outstanding,"" Meyers said. ""We looked at them a couple of times this summer. I think they're both great writers as well as performers."" While change can be unsettling, Meyers said turnover among the ""SNL"" cast helps keep its humor fresh. ""It's always nice to have new people,"" he said. ""They'll give new looks at things and see things in new ways. Any time you get new voices in, that tends to help."""
(CNN) -- CNN Hero Amy Stokes uses the internet to connect South African teens affected by HIV/AIDS and poverty with volunteer mentors from around the world. Stokes is the founder of Infinite Family and spoke with CNN about the importance of her group's efforts in South Africa -- where nearly two million children have been orphaned by AIDS. Below are excerpts from that interview. CNN: How does HIV/AIDS affect a South African child? Amy Stokes: They will talk about being very happy as children and growing up with two parents until they were grade school level. And then they'll lose one of their parents. They will move where they can be in a community that helps support them and then they'll lose the other parent. Then they're moved into a home where it's an auntie running the house -- and they'll lose that aunt. And then they go to live with the gogo -- or a grandmother -- and before long, they're living with 10 other children in the same 20 square foot space. That gogo is spending all of her time just trying to feed everybody, much less being able to help them prepare for their future. CNN: How widespread is the problem? Stokes: Many of these communities have lost up to 40 percent of the young adults [from HIV/AIDS]. So the children ... don't learn the survival skills that they would have learned tagging along with an adult -- watching an adult as they work, or do grocery shopping, or cooking or any of the life skills that they need. These children are losing, not only love and nurturing, but ... the education of having a parent attend to them. CNN: What's the biggest challenge these kids face? Stokes: They lack access to everything that would teach them what is needed to be successful. There's no technology; there are no computers. The kids walk into our computer labs having never touched a mouse or a keyboard before. However, they are the most hopeful children you will ever meet. They are resilient, resourceful; they are joyful; they are very ambitious. CNN: What change do you see in them as they interact with their mentors? If you reach out to them they will grab that lifeline and work so hard to make your investment of time and talent worth your while. They know that they are in a situation they would like to change -- their lot in life, their future -- but they struggle very hard until someone helps show them the way. What Infinite Family does is we expand their village to include the entire world. When they get connected with their mentors, the mentors make sure that no one is ever truly alone. Want to get involved? Check out the Infinite Family website at http://www.infinitefamily.org and see how to help.
"(CNN)  -- A massive search and rescue mission continued late Friday for nine people who may have plunged into chilly Pacific water off the Southern California coast after a Coast Guard plane and a Marine helicopter collided. ""We're still in the search and rescue phase. We are not standing down from that at this point,"" Coast Guard Capt. Thomas Farris told reporters at a news conference. ""We have every hope that we'll be able to find survivors."" The search will continue, he said, ""Until I stop."" The Coast Guard plans to continue the search at least throughout Friday night and Saturday morning, Petty Officer Henry Dunphy of the San Diego Coast Guard told CNN. The Coast Guard C-130 plane and its seven crew members had been searching for a missing person when it collided Thursday with the Marine AH-1 Cobra helicopter, with a two-person crew, on a military training exercise, Farris said. None of the names of those on either aircraft has been released. A pilot reported seeing a fireball about 7:10 p.m. Thursday near the crash site. The crash occurred about 16 nautical miles (18 miles) off the coast, near San Clemente Island, said Cpl. Michael Stevens of U.S. Marine Air Station Miramar in San Diego. Helicopters, cutters and patrol boats, aided by the Navy, were scanning a 644-square-mile area for survivors, said Coast Guard Rear Adm. Joseph Castillo. Castillo earlier said an investigation ""to determine what exactly happened"" was beginning. The investigation will be done in ""lockstep"" with the Marine Corps, he said. A large debris field has been located, and debris has been collected, he said. ""The debris is what you'd expect, I think, from a midair collision,"" he said. The two Marines on the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton chopper were one of four helicopter crews involved in the training exercise, Stevens said. The Coast Guard plane had been on a search mission for a couple of days before Thursday's crash. ""They were searching for a possible person in the water who was reported to have gotten in a dinghy and attempted to row to Catalina [Island],"" Farris said. ""We were searching in that area because of the drift that would have naturally occurred after that event."" With water temperatures in the 60s, Farris earlier Friday estimated survivability could be up to 20 hours. The missing person the Coast Guard members were searching for prior to the collision is still missing, Farris said. CNN's Sonya Hamasaki and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Add R&B star Usher to the list of entertainers giving up the paychecks they earned performing for members of embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's family. ""I am sincerely troubled to learn about the circumstances surrounding the Nikki Beach St. Bart's event that took place on New Year's Eve 2009, "" Usher said in a statement Monday. ""I will be donating all of my personal proceeds from that event to various human rights organizations."" According to U.S. diplomatic cables posted by WikiLeaks, the Caribbean island was the site for a New Year's Eve party thrown by Mutassim Gadhafi, Libya's national security advisor and one of the dictator's sons. Usher, along with Beyonce, were the entertainment in what the cables called a $1 million personal concert. Beyonce said through a representative last week that she had donated the money she received to earthquake relief in Haiti. The same Gadhafi son on the same island a year earlier paid $1 million to hear Mariah Carey sing on New Year's Eve 2008, the cables said. She sang four songs. In a statement released last week, Carey said she was ""naive and unaware of who I was booked to perform for. I feel horrible and embarrassed to have participated in this mess."" Carey added in her statement that she plans to donate proceeds from a new song, ""Save the Day,"" to human rights organizations. ""Going forward, this is a lesson for all artists to learn from,"" she said. ""We need to be more aware and take more responsibility regardless of who books our shows. Ultimately we as artists are to be held accountable."" Between the cables posted on WikiLeaks and artists' own admissions, no less than five performers have entertained the Gadhafis at a host of international locales. Last week, Canadian pop singer Nelly Furtado acknowledged on her Twitter account that she performed for members of the Gadhafi clan. ""In 2007, I received 1million$ from the Qaddafi clan to perform a 45 min. Show for guests at a hotel in Italy,"" read a tweet on Furtado's official account Monday. ""I am going to donate the $."" In 2006, the Gadhafis brought pop star Lionel Richie to Libya to perform. The concert marked the 20th anniversary of a U.S. raid on the North African country. U.S. President Ronald Reagan ordered the attack after Libya was implicated in the fatal bombing at a West Berlin nightclub that left one American service member dead. CNN reached out to representatives of Richie for comment, but received no response. CNN's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report ."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The romantic comedy ""New In Town"" puts co-stars Renee Zellweger and Harry Connick Jr. at odds through most of the film. But behind the camera, the story was completely different, the pair told CNN. Harry Connick Jr. and Renee Zellweger enjoyed working with one another on the set of ""New In Town."" ""I had a great time. [Connick is] such a nice guy. He shows up on set and makes everyone laugh, and it's just a nice day at work,"" Zellweger said. Connick agreed, saying the off-camera friendship with his co-star made the on-camera experience an enjoyable one. ""Renee is the type of person that I got to know quickly. Well, I became friends with her quickly. She's a very mysterious, wonderful young lady,"" Connick said. Directed by Jonas Elmer, the film follows Zellweger as Lucy Hill, a Miami, Florida-based corporate shark who travels to a small Minnesota town to oversee the closing of a small factory. Upon arrival, Lucy clashes with the factory's union representative, Ted Mitchell, played by Connick. As the two begin to understand one another, their icy relationship soon melts into romance. But the romance between Lucy and Ted is only one side of the story. Zellweger said she was instantly drawn to the role for its humor. ""I loved the physical comedy part of Lucy Hill's experience. I laughed out loud when I imagined the scenarios, and I could not wait to go and play around with that,"" she said, ""I wanted to go to work every day and laugh, and I did."" Famous for her roles in such comedies as ""Nurse Betty"" and ""Bridget Jones's Diary,"" Zellweger is no stranger to the comedic scene. With ""New In Town,"" the actress was eager to once again play a part that would make audiences laugh. ""I think the laughter, that's therapeutic,"" she said. At a time when the country is struggling through a financial recession, Connick said, ""New In Town"" provides that necessary therapy. While the film centers on the troubles of one rural American town, it showcases a dilemma familiar to the entire country. ""I think there's a good balance of what people are really feeling right now, and you walk away from this movie with a real feeling of hope and like, 'We're going to be all right,'"" he said. ""New In Town"" opens in theaters everywhere this Friday. CNN's Jack Hannah contributed to this story."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- President Obama on Tuesday left open the possibility of criminal prosecution for Bush administration officials who drew up the legal basis for interrogation techniques that many view as torture. President Obama says any congressional investigation should be conducted in a bipartisan fashion. Obama said it will be up to Attorney General Eric Holder to decide whether or not to prosecute the former officials. ""With respect to those who formulated those legal decisions, I would say that is going to be more a decision for the attorney general within the parameter of various laws, and I don't want to prejudge that,"" Obama said during a meeting with Jordan's King Abdullah at the White House. ""There's a host of very complicated issues involved there. As a general deal, I think we should be looking forward and not backward. ""I do worry about this getting so politicized that we cannot function effectively, and it hampers our ability to carry out critical national security operations.""  Watch as Obama says U.S. can be protected and live up to its ideals  . The president added that any congressional ""accounting of what took place"" should be done ""in a bipartisan fashion outside of the typical hearing process that can sometimes break down ... entirely along party lines."" It is important, he said, for the ""American people to feel as if this is not being dealt with to provide one side or another political advantage."" Obama's remarks came five days after the administration released four Bush-era memos detailing the use of terror interrogations such as waterboarding, a technique used to simulate drowning. One memo showed that CIA interrogators used waterboarding -- which Obama has called torture -- at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects. Obama reiterated his belief that he did not think it is appropriate to prosecute those CIA officials and others who carried out the interrogations in question. ""This has been a difficult chapter in our history and one of [my] tougher decisions,"" he added. The techniques listed in memos ""reflected ... us losing our moral bearings."" The president's apparent willingness to leave the door open to a prosecution of Bush officials seemed to contradict White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, who indicated Sunday that the administration was opposed to such an action. Obama believes ""that's not the place that we [should] go,"" Emanuel said on ABC's ""This Week."" ""It's not a time to use our energy ... looking back [with] any sense of anger and retribution."" On Monday, Obama asserted during a visit to CIA headquarters that he had released the documents primarily because of the ""exceptional circumstances that surrounded these memos, particularly the fact that so much of the information was [already] public. ... The covert nature of the information had been compromised."""
"New York (CNN) -- A man federal authorities say is part of a Brooklyn husband-and-wife identity theft team has been charged with killing two of their victims. Dmitriy Yakovlev, 42, is scheduled to be arraigned Monday in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn. The more serious charges were included in a supserseding indictment unsealed Thursday. Yakovlev was charged with the murder of Irina Malezhik, a Russian language translator who lived in Brooklyn and worked in the federal courts. She vanished in October 2007. He also is accused in the slaying of Viktor Alekseyev, who disappeared in December 2005 and whose remains were found in New Jersey in 2006, according to federal authorities. A third identity theft victim, Brooklyn resident Michael Klein, disappeared in November 2003 and has not been seen since. In addition to Yakovlev's murder charges, the new indictment charges him and wife Julia Yakovlev, 36, with 17 counts of identity theft, bank fraud, credit card fraud and ""effecting fraudulent transactions."" Julie Yakovlev was not charged in connection with the slayings but she has been accused of cashing $40,000 drawn from one victim's account, according to Robert Nardoza, spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York. The couple was originally charged in August 2009 with illegally using the identities of three people between 2003 and 2007. Julie Takovlev is free on bail while her husband remains in custody, their attorneys said. ""Identity theft victims usually lose their money,"" NYPD Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said in a statement, ""In this case, they allegedly lost their lives, too."" Malezhik was last seen on October 15, 2007, leaving her apartment on a security video camera. Immediately after her disappearance, the couple began withdrawing money and purchasing various items in Malezhik's name, according to court documents. ""I'm skeptical as to the foundation and nature of charges,"" said Ken Russo, attorney for Dmitriy Yakovlev. Julia Yakovlev's attorney, Alexei Grosshtern, would only tell CNN that there are ""no new charges"" against his client. He said any charges in the superseding indictment already existed in August 2009's original indictment."
"London, England (CNN) -- The death of a British soldier on an explosives-clearing operation in Afghanistan has pushed the British death toll there past that of the 1982 Falklands War, the Ministry of Defence announced Tuesday. The soldier's death brings to 256 the number of British troops killed in Afghanistan since operations there began in 2001, the defense ministry said. The British death toll from the Falklands conflict was 255. The soldier, from the 36 Engineer Regiment, died Monday from an explosion in the Nad-e-Ali district of Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. He was part of a task force to clear roadside bombs. ""He was leading a team conducting route-clearance operations at the time, making the way ahead safe for others to follow,"" said Lieutenant Colonel David Wakefield, a spokesman for Task Force Helmand. ""His indomitable courage and fortitude, the hallmark of his profession, will not be forgotten."" The Ministry of Defence did not release his name, but said his next of kin had been informed. Two soldiers from The Royal Scots Borderers, 1st Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland, were killed by an explosion Monday, also in Helmand Province, the defense ministry said. The deaths of those soldiers, whose names were not released, meant the total death toll matched that of the Falklands. ""Sad milestones such as this naturally attract attention in the UK, but in theater our people continue resolutely and courageously with the task of assisting Afghans to build their own future,"" said Air Chief Marshal Jock Stirrup, chief of the British Defense Staff. ""We should not forget that each and every death of a member of our armed forces is a tragedy of equal proportion,"" British Defense Secretary Bob Ainsworth said. ""Our thoughts at this time lie firmly with the families and friends of all the brave men and women fallen in Afghanistan, and we should all remember that every one of them has given their lives in defense of their -- and our -- country."" The Falkland Islands are a British territory located 670 miles (1,000 kilometers) from the coast of Argentina. Argentina has claimed sovereignty over the islands since they were occupied by the British in 1833. Argentine troops invaded the islands in April 1982, sparking a two-month war with intense land and sea battles. Argentina surrendered June 14, having lost nearly 650 troops."
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- One of America's pre-eminent political power couples made a rare joint appearance Friday, when Bill and Hillary Clinton took the stage at the former president's Clinton Global Initiative conference. Bill Clinton says his wife Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is the ""best public service our family has ever produced."" ""I want to begin by expressing my extreme indebtedness to the Clinton Global Initiative, to all of you who participated, for giving me the first chance I have had in a week to see Hillary,"" Bill Clinton told the audience of social activists and business leaders at the closing session of CGI, a week-long conference designed to find solutions to global problems through public and private partnerships. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was at the session to unveil a new State Department initiative on food security. As he introduced her, the former president was effusive in his praise for his wife, saying that her approach to food security -- helping farmers around the world grow their own food to earn income and alleviate poverty -- was much smarter than the decades-long policy of simply giving humanitarian aid and food to countries.  Watch Clinton pay tribute to his wife  . ""It was a wrong-headed policy. It persisted through Democratic and Republican policies alike, including mine. We were all wrong, and she is determined to reverse it,"" Bill Clinton said.  Watch portion of Anderson Cooper's interview with former President Clinton  . ""Most of what I know about what I do today, I learned from her and she has become the best public servant our family has produced,"" he added. ""I am very proud of her and honored that she came here."" Hillary Clinton, who received a standing ovation, had equally kind words for her husband. ""It won't surprise you to hear that I am very proud of my husband, and I think what he has invented and brought to life here is extraordinary,"" she said, adding that the new State Department food initiative, in part, was an idea she developed by seeing the kinds of partnerships the Clinton Global Initiative produced. The Clintons posed for a photo-op with State Department officials and executives from General Mills and other organizations, who pledged at the conference to start a program to help farmers around the world. And then, for fans of the former first couple, a rare treat. As she walked off the stage, Bill Clinton drew some more cheers when he gave his wife a kiss. Bill Clinton continued to read off the million-dollar commitments he received at the conference for additional social programs. Hillary Clinton left to meet with 15 ministers from the Caribbean."
By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 09:32 EST, 14 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:47 EST, 14 May 2013 . Officer: Rebecca Swanston (pictured today), 28, is alleged to have logged onto information systems and passed on confidential intelligence . A former woman police officer allegedly disclosed confidential intelligence and tactics, a court heard today. Rebecca Swanston, 28, of Hampshire Police, is alleged to have logged onto information systems including the police records management system and passed on confidential intelligence. Swanston, who today faced three charges of misconduct in public office, also allegedly failed to report a man for possessing class A drugs, plus confessions to assaults and other offences. Instead of upholding the law, she shared details with the intention of frustrating ongoing probes, detection of crime and the apprehension of offenders, prosecutors claim. Swanston, who was based at Southampton Central Police Station, is alleged to have committed the offences over a 10-month period between January and October last year. Swanston, from Portsmouth, appeared at Basingstoke Magistrates Court this morning for a brief hearing to hear the charges against her. Dressed in a purple and black dress, she stood to hear the counts against her. Magistrates asked if she understood the allegations, from prosecutor Zoe Martin, and she replied 'yes'. She denies wilfully neglecting to perform a duty as a holder of a public office from January 1 to October 18, 2012. The . allegations of misconduct include accessing intelligence on the records . management system other than for a policing purpose, passing . confidential police information to a Miguel Sewell and failing to report . his possession of class A drugs and his confession to an assault with a . weapon. She also denies disclosing confidential . police information to a Robert Morris, failing to report a confession, . advising him about police procedures and giving him two police shirts. HQ: Swanston, who was based at Southampton Central Police Station (pictured), is alleged to have committed the offences over a 10-month period between January and October last year . Outside court: Swanston, of Portsmouth, allegedly failed to report a man for possessing class A drugs . The third count relates to accessing and leaking information and briefings about a suspect, Tariq Khan, to be passed onto him with the intention of frustrating an ongoing probe into serious offences. Magistrates adjourned the case for trial and Swanston was bailed to appear at Winchester Crown Court for a plea and case management hearing on June 4. She must sleep at her home address, not enter a given area and her passport must remain logged with Hampshire Police. These conditions have been in place 'for some time', the court heard. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
"(CNN) -- An aid worker with Samaritan's Purse, a Christian aid organization, has been freed after 105 days in captivity in the Darfur region of western Sudan, a spokeswoman for the organization said Monday. Flavia Wagner, 35, is ""exhausted but in good health,"" the group said in a statement. News of the release came as three Russian pilots working for a Sudanese aviation company were abducted in the same region. The pilots were taken Sunday in Nyala, South Darfur's capital, said Chris Cycmanick, spokesman for the African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur. Twelve people have been abducted in Darfur this year, Cycmanick said, including Wagner. She was kidnapped May 18, the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum said a day later. Two Sudanese colleagues were seized at the same time, Samaritan's Purse said then. The abduction took place about 25 miles southwest of Nyala. The two Sudanese men were released May 25, Samaritan's Purse said. Samaritans's Purse, founded by evangelist Franklin Graham, said it has provided $83.7 million in assistance to Sudan since 2001. The group has 548 national and expatriate staff in Sudan, it says, adding that it ""provides immediate response to the physical and spiritual needs of individuals in crisis situations."" Darfur has been beset by conflict since 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government. To counter the rebels, Arab militias with ties to the Sudanese government went from village to village in Darfur, killing, torturing and raping residents there, according to the United Nations, Western governments and human rights organizations. The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength. The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur, and 2.5 million have fled their homes. Sudan denies the death toll is that high. The International Criminal Court has issued an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, accusing him of war crimes and crimes against humanity -- charges he denies. CNN's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Japan's parliament elected Yoshihiko Noda as the country's new prime minister Tuesday, making him the country's sixth new leader in five years. Noda won 308 out of 476 possible votes. The prime minister-elect will officially take over his new post after a ceremonial endorsement by Japan's emperor, which is expected to happen Wednesday. Ahead of the vote, former Prime Minister Naoto Kan officially submitted his resignation, as did his Cabinet, clearing the way for Noda's election. The Democratic Party of Japan, the country's ruling party, picked Noda as its new leader on Monday. He served as finance minister in Kan's cabinet. In his first speech as party leader, Noda called for party unity to tackle Japan's massive problems. ""Running Japan's government is like pushing a giant snowball up a snowy, slippery hill,"" he said Sunday. ""In times like this, we can't say, 'I don't like this person,' or 'I don't like that person.' The snowball will slide down."" On Friday, Prime Minister Kan announced that he would resign. His approval rating had tumbled following the devastating March earthquake and tsunami that triggered the worst nuclear crisis since Chernobyl as reactor cores overheated and spewed radioactive material into surrounding areas. An observer of Japan's revolving door of prime ministers said the country's political problems are weighing down one of the world's largest economies. Japanese politicians lack spine and public support, said Keith Henry of the Tokyo-based Asia Strategy, a government policy consulting firm. ""They've got to turn the ship around 180 degrees,"" Henry said. ""Until they see an iceberg, they're not going to do it."" Japan is facing a massive reconstruction program in the region devastated by the tsunami, an ongoing nuclear energy crisis and unaddressed problems in the economy. Noda, a fiscal conservative, has pledged to raise taxes and would like to privatize state assets. Last week, the credit rating agency Moody's downgraded Japan to an Aa3 rating from Aa2, blaming the country's huge deficit and frequent changes in administration that have prevented the government from implementing long-term economic policies. The CIA World Factbook puts the government debt at more than 200% of the GDP. CNN's Kyung Lah contributed to this report."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Liv Tyler doesn't like to be bothered by her agents at night. But it's a good thing she took their call pitching her ""The Incredible Hulk."" Liv Tyler plays Betty Ross, a colleague of Edward Norton's Bruce Banner, in ""The Incredible Hulk."" ""My agent called me one night ... I had just put [son] Milo to bed. It was like 9 o'clock at night, and I always get grumpy with them when they call me really late,"" she told CNN. ""They said, 'Marvel would like to fly you to Los Angeles tomorrow. Will you get on a plane to come and meet for 'The Hulk'? And I said I can't come tomorrow, but I can come the next day."" The flight turned out to be well worth it -- though Tyler said she was discombobulated by the speed of it all. ""I went and met with [director] Louis [Leterrier] and they offered me the part that day,"" she said. ""I was kind of floored because it just happened so quickly and I didn't get to read the script. ... [But] it was kind of a no-brainer."" In the new ""Hulk,"" ""The Lord of the Rings"" actress plays Betty Ross, a former colleague of scientist and Hulk alter ego Bruce Banner (Edward Norton). She said working on the film brought back memories of her childhood watching the TV show starring Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno. (Ferrigno has a cameo in the new film.) ""I loved the TV show when I was a kid,"" she said. ""I used to watch it all the time with my mom. It was our favorite show."" Tyler, 30, said that she felt a tremendous sense of responsibility to the ""Hulk"" mythology, particularly since a 2003 film on the character met with mixed reviews.  Watch Tyler, Norton and Leterrier on the latest ""Hulk""  . ""Well, a lot of people would say -- even I said -- 'Oh, they're making ""The Hulk""?' Didn't they do that already?"" she said. But she added, ""The fans love this so much ... and there's so much detail to the story, I always feel quite stressed about that, like I really want to do the part justice. ... I definitely feel that responsibility and want to do the best job that I can."" CNN's KJ Matthews contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Climate protesters demonstrating against Donald Trump's plans for a sports resort broke into a Scottish airport Tuesday, setting up a small golf course and scaling the roof of a terminal building. Climate protesters broke into Aberdeen Airport in the early hours of Tuesday to demonstrate against plans for expansion. Flights at Aberdeen airport were returning to normal by midday after the activists breached the security fence overnight, the airport authority said. Nine members of Plane Stupid, which campaigns against airport expansion and aviation-related climate change, entered the airport grounds at about 2:15 a.m. Tuesday (9:15 p.m. Monday ET), the group said. A spokesman for the airport called the protest ""dangerous and highly irresponsible."" By mid-morning, the seven members on the ground had been arrested, but the two protesters remained on the roof, group spokesman Leo Mullay told CNN. He explained that the group is against plans to expand the one-runway airport for the American millionaire's planned golf resort in the region. ""It's going to cause a huge increase in emissions,"" Mullay said. ""There's simply no capacity within our carbon budget for more flying."" Trump's plans call for a golf resort to be built on 1,400 acres along Scotland's northeast coast, just north of Aberdeen, according to the resort's Web site. Trump International Golf Links, Scotland, is to feature two championship-caliber golf courses and a five-star luxury hotel. Trump's resort is in the planning stages, project director Neil Hobday told CNN. But he rejected the idea that the airport is expanding because of the Trump resort. ""The runway issue has been going on long before we got here,"" Hobday told CNN. It's ""nothing to do with us. They were going to lengthen the runway whether we were here or not."" The protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport, a major gateway for Scotland and one of Europe's busiest heliports, airport officials said. Outbound flights resumed just after 9 a.m. (4 a.m. ET), but there remained some delays and cancellations, according to the airport's Web site. ""Despite the runway being open and available for use, the earlier protest is likely to cause some knock-on disruption during the course of the day and passengers are being asked to check the status of their flight,"" an airport statement said."
"Baghdad (CNN) -- U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters in Baghdad that his current visit to Iraq will probably be his last. He has previously announced that he intends to retire sometime this year. Gates made the comment while speaking to reporters at the U.S. Division-Center headquarters, where he addressed about 200 soldiers from Kansas and Hawaii. He called it ""the high point of my trip."" Gates also addressed the possible U.S. government shutdown. He explained that, even if troops didn't get a paycheck due to a government shutdown, they would be paid back. Differences between U.S. Democrats and Republicans have kept them from reaching agreement on a budget for this year. If there is no deal by midnight Friday, when the current spending authorization measure expires, parts of the government will close down. ""As a historian, it always occurred to me the smart thing for government was always to pay the guys with guns first,"" he said in response to a query on a shutdown's possible impact. Earlier Thursday, Gates met with the Commanding General of U.S. Forces in Iraq, General Lloyd Austin, and with the U.S. Ambassador to Iraq, James Jeffrey, at Al Faw Palace in Baghdad. Later, Gates will meet with Massoud Barzani, president of the Kurdish regional government, said a senior defense official who agreed to talk on background . Gates message to Iraq's leadership will be ""that it is important for them to complete the government-formation process, particularly to get the security ministries dealt with,"" a senior defense official said. Gates arrived in Baghdad Wednesday night on an unannounced visit. Prior to touching down in Baghdad, Gates was in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, for talks with that country's leader, King Abdullah. Like most top-level U.S. visits to regional hot spots, Gates' visit to Iraq was unannounced, most likely for security reasons. Speaking to reporters after his meeting with the Saudi monarch, Gates said they discussed ""developments all over the region"" and ""obviously they talked about Iran."" He described the talks as an ""extremely cordial, warm meeting."" He chided Iran for meddling in the Persian Gulf kingdom of Bahrain, where recent protests led the government to call in troops from member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council. ""We already have evidence that the Iranians are trying to exploit the situation in Bahrain,"" Gates told reporters Wednesday. ""We also have evidence that they are thinking about what they could do to try to create problems elsewhere, as well."""
"KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's prime minister said Monday he will resign to save what he called the country's ""infant democracy."" Pushpa Kamal Dahal cited a serious political crisis caused by the president's ""unconstitutional"" order. It is the latest fallout over the status of Nepal's army chief, Gen. Rookmangud Katawal. The Maoist government sacked Katawal on Sunday. Hours later, President Ram Baran Yadav reinstated him. Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal, commonly known as Prachanda, resigned on Monday, citing a serious political crisis caused by the president's ""unconstitutional"" order. ""The dual powers that have been unconstitutionally established in the country must end under any circumstance,"" Prachanda said in a televised address announcing he would resign from the country's Cabinet. Prachanda is the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist), which had been the largest party in Nepal's coalition government until it recently withdrew. The former guerilla leader headed a decade-long bloody Maoist insurgency to abolish the country's monarchy before being sworn in as prime minister in August. In his address on Monday, Prachanda blamed certain political parties and ""power centers"" for ""striking at our democracy, constitution and the peace process by putting the president in the forefront of the controversy over the chief of army staff."" ""This has raised concerns over our infant democracy and the peace process,"" he said. ""I appeal to the people, civil society and political powers to be committed to the struggle for establishing a democratic Nepal."" Nepal's interim constitution gives the president powers as supreme commander of the army and guardian of the constitution. Yadav's spokesman said the president had the support of 18 parties in parliament when he reinstated the army chief. The decision to fire Katawal touched off protests. Supporters of both sides in the dispute took to the streets on Sunday. Despite sporadic clashes between the two factions, there were no serious injuries reported. The Cabinet voted to dismiss Katawal after the military refused the government's order to stop recruiting about 3,000 new soldiers to fill vacant positions when it has yet to take in former Maoist rebels, as a 2006 peace deal required. The Maoists laid down their arms and won power in 2008 elections after an agreement that ended a decade-long insurgency. Under the deal, more than 19,000 former insurgents were to be integrated into the country's security forces. Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Heavy rains that began early in January in northern central Namibia have reached staggering proportions, with 80 people drowned and half a million others affected directly or indirectly, officials said. President Hifikepunye Pohamba declared a national emergency in all six northern regions on March 28. The affected region is in the Cuvelai Basin, which drains southern Angola via a complex of streams that typically result in an annual flood called the efundja, which is named for the fish that spawn in spring. This year's efundja has resulted in the wettest year since systematic measurements started in 1891, with rainfall in affected areas nearly double the normal average. Government figures cite 263 school closures, with a total of 320 affected, leaving 114,000 schoolchildren shut out of their classrooms. Up to 40 health clinics are under water, and more than 100 health mobile outreach points have been made inaccessible as a result of damage to roads and bridges, according to the World Health Organization. In addition, roads, bridges, homes and staple crops in all six northern and northeastern regions in Namibia have been destroyed, according to UNICEF. They represent some of the country's poorest areas. The Red Cross Society of Namibia estimates that 500,000 people have been affected, with the densely populated central-northern regions -- Omusati, Oshona and Ohangwena -- hit worst. But other areas are also threatened, as rivers -- including the Zambezi -- drain southern and central Angola. Forecasters predict areas like Caprivi, which is about 500 kilometers (310 miles) east, may experience more flooding by next week. About 40,000 people have been displaced, some 10,000 of whom have been accommodated in 68 camps set up by the government, officials said. The death toll is expected to rise as water-borne diseases, mainly malaria, are predicted to spread. The Red Cross and the U.N.'s Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs are appealing for help, and the U.S. government and some European countries have made donations. OCHA said in its southern Africa flood and cyclone report, published Wednesday, that 2011 marks the third consecutive year of heavy rains in the region. The result is that the water table has risen and that ""flood water levels are unlikely to recede for the next three to six months."" More rain is expected. Journalist John Grobler contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Hertha Berlin have reacted to their slump to the bottom of the German Bundesliga by announcing that coach Lucien Favre has been relieved of his duties. Lucien Favre has paid the ultimate price for Hertha Berlin's dismal start to the Bundesliga season. Hertha's 5-1 defeat to Hoffenheim, a result which left them rooted to the foot of the table, was their sixth consecutive league reverse. The club were also knocked out of the German Cup by second division 1860 Munich last week and were held to a 1-1 draw by Lithuanian side Ventspils in their opening Europa League group fixture 10 days ago. Favre's assistant Harald Gamperle has also been relieved of his duties with youth-team coach Karsten Heine appointed on an interim basis. ""Coach Lucien Favre and Harald Gamperle have been relieved of their duties effective immediately,"" said a statement on the club's official Web site. ""The training of the team will be controlled on an interim basis by Under-23 coach Karsten Heine."" Favre took charge just over two years ago and, after consolidating their position in the top flight in his first year, he then led them to an unexpected fourth-placed finish last term. Hertha were even still in the race for the Bundesliga title with two games of the season remaining. However, the loss of key players Andrei Voronin, Marko Pantelic and Josip Simunic this summer and the failure to find adequate replacements has contributed to a terrible start to the season which has cost the Swiss his job. Hertha's only league win this year came on the opening day of the season, when they defeated Hannover 1-0. Since then they have been beaten by Borussia Monchengladbach, Bochum, Werder Bremen, Mainz, Freiburg and Hoffenheim. Crowd figures have also slumped from an average of over 50,000 last season to under 40,000 for their last home game against Freiburg as fans became disillusioned with their side's dramatic slump. Explaining the decision, general manager Michael Preetz told a news conference: ""We are caught in this downward spiral, we have tried to get out of it but unfortunately it has not been possible. ""After the last two large defeats in the Bundesliga we find ourselves in a situation where it has become necessary for Lucien Favre and Harald Gamperle to leave. The board is fully behind my decision."""
"(CNN) -- The worst might be over on Indonesia's Mount Merapi volcano, disaster officials said Thursday. They urged calm in the aftermath of recent eruptions, which started on October 26 and have killed 191 people. ""Generally speaking, Mount Merapi has passed its dangerous phase,"" the National Agency for Disaster Management said. It cited recent eruptions versus historic ones. Merapi's recent eruptions have released about 140 million cubic meters of magma, the disaster agency said. The previous record flow occurred in 1872, at 100 million cubic meters. The information was released in an attempt to reassure Indonesians, especially those in the Yogyakarta and Central Java area. Despite that, government volcanology experts have kept Merapi's alert level at 4, the highest. On Wednesday, the Merapi Disaster Health Team said that the recent eruptions have seriously injured 145 people, and left scores of others less severely hurt. The eruptions have displaced nearly 344,000 residents, many who are now living in refugee camps, the National Agency for Disaster Management said. To restore a sense of normalcy for displaced students, classes have started at the camps, disaster officials said Thursday. President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has called the volcano eruptions a crisis situation. Over the weekend, he and several of his ministers visited Yogyakarta to oversee relief efforts. On Thursday, disaster officials said dredging has begun. The work is being done to limit further destruction. ""We've taken steps to anticipate possible lava floods from upstream,"" said Syamsul Maarif, the head of the National Agency for Disaster Management. The 3,000-meter (9,800-foot) Merapi, in Central Java, is famously unpredictable. About 1,300 people died when it erupted in 1930. Many people continue to live in the shadow of the volcano, raising food and livestock. The president has announced that residents will receive compensation for livelihoods and animals lost to the eruptions. The government will buy endangered cows on the volcano, Yudhoyono said. Many of those who live on its slopes risked their lives by staying or returning to feed their cows during lulls of volcanic activity. CNN's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report."
"(Mashable) -- In an interview that will air tonight on ABC's ""World News with Diane Sawyer,"" Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg talked frankly about an upcoming IPO, the Facebook movie, a shady lawsuit and much more. As far as the movie ""The Social Network"" is concerned, Zuckerberg seemed to echo Facebook co-founder Dustin Moscovitz's opinion that the film seems a lot more exciting than the real-life version of Facebook's history. ""I just think people have a lot of fiction.... The real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time,"" Zuckerberg said in his interview with Sawyer. ""I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? ...We just sat at our computers for six years and coded."" Somewhere in that six years of coding, however, it is alleged that Zuckerberg signed a contract that would give ownership of his website to a web designer and former associate at Harvard, one Paul Ceglia. Although a Facebook lawyer said yesterday the company is ""unsure"" whether such a contract was ever signed, Zuckerberg told Sawyer unequivocally, ""We did not sign a contract that says that [Ceglia has] any right to ownership over Facebook."" As far as an initial public offering of stock is concerned, Facebook's IPO is one of the most hotly anticipated by many in the tech world. The company is currently valued at upwards of $20 billion and is expected to generate around $1 billion in revenue in 2010. Zuckerberg told Sawyer that, while he and the rest of the Facebook team are still rather single-mindedly focused on product, ""At some point along the path, I think it'll make sense to have an IPO. But we're not running the company to do that. We're running the company to serve more people."" Of course, Sawyer's interview also touches on the privacy debacle (""We have made mistakes, for sure,"" said Zuckerberg) and the site's crossing the 500-million-user mark (Zuckerberg said the journey had been ""surreal"") as well as several other topics. Check your local listings to find out when the program will air in your area, and in the meantime, check out these two teaser clips from ABC.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved."
"(CNN) -- Fiat Group, fresh from an agreement to buy a piece of troubled automaker Chrysler, has plans to purchase GM Europe and spin off the recombined carmakers into a new company. Fiat's update of the Cinquecento. The company says its small car expertise can help GM Europe get back on track. If successful, the new company would become one of the largest car manufacturers in the world behind Toyota. The combined company would generate about $100 billion annually with sales of between 6 and 7 million cars a year. ""Clearly they're trying to take advantage of the opportunity when a lot of stakeholders may be willing to accommodate them,"" said John Bonnell, an auto industry analyst with JD Power and Associates. ""It may be their only opportunity to get to the kind of scale necessary to succeed in this market."" In an interview with the Financial Times, Sergio Marchionne, chief executive officer of Fiat, detailed a plan to separate Fiat Auto core car divisions and join with Opel/Vauxhall, Saab and GM's other European operations. Last week, Fiat agreed to take an initial 20 percent of Chrysler as the U.S. manufacturer filed for bankruptcy protection. ""It's an incredibly simple solution to a very thorny problem,"" Marchionne told the Financial Times. Marchionne hopes to have the deal finished by the end of this month, and list shares for the new company -- which may be called Fiat/Opel -- by the end of August. Fiat has only recently gotten itself back on track. In his five years at the helm of Fiat, Marchionne has helped turn around the troubled Italian automaker. Analysts say its small-car technology can help Chrysler, known for its minivans. In the past five years, Fiat has been able to regain market share in Europe with its economy fuel-saving cars as well as its luxury line, Alfa Romeo. Marchionne is scheduled to meet with German government officials Monday to discuss the plan. Opel is GM Europe's German unit. To secure the deal, Fiat is hoping to secure loans from the German government, raising concerns in Germany about helping to fund the Chrysler deal. The company plans to keep its plants operating in Germany, but will reduce workforce, which is likely to raise political concerns."
"Editor's Note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of Vice, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by Vice, reflect a very transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. London (VBS.TV) -- At the end of 2010, VBS attended a series of violent student demonstrations in London. The first saw thousands of students storm the Conservative Party HQ and someone lob a fire extinguisher from the roof, nearly killing a police officer. Two weeks later, when the second protest rolled around, we were locked inside a 200-meter area with thousands of young protesters for 10 hours. It was a fun place to be ""kettled"" midwinter, and we watched as kids burned bus stops, held impromptu grime raves, smashed the windows of the treasury and were beaten up by police. We also noticed that a small number of protesters seemed to be assaulting each other. A week later, a journalist named Graham Johnson who specializes in gang crime confirmed what we'd suspected: that gangs had been using the protests as cover for while they made money. Various gangs had been coming from around the capital to pickpocket, mug, loot and throw the occasional lump of concrete at riot cops. We met up with a gang in South East London who, from behind facemasks, told us that they didn't care at all about politics but that they had walked away from the last protest with more than 2,000 pounds worth of goods and cash. See the rest of Teenage Riots at VBS.TV . They also predicted that as the government cuts spread their way across society, more riots would spring up, not in relatively policeable central London locations but in the estates of the most impoverished parts of the city. The protesters would not be students, either; they would be armed gang members, willing to ""wipe out a whole constabulary"" of police. Teenage Riot, which resulted from our time at the protests, is a five-part film looking at the riots, their significance and the strange combination of students, schoolkids, gangs, anarchists and police that made up the clashes that would define the most violent period of political upheaval in this country since the '80s."
"(CNN) -- A massive iceberg -- more than twice the size of New York's Manhattan island -- is drifting slowly toward Australia, scientists said Wednesday. The iceberg, measuring 140 square km (54 square miles), cleaved off an ice shelf nearly 10 years ago and had been floating near Antarctica before commencing on its unusual journey north. Named B17B, it was about 1,700 km (1,056 miles) off the coast of West Australia, according to the country's Antarctic Division. ""B17B is a very significant one in that it has drifted so far north while still largely intact,"" said Australian Antarctic Division glaciologist Neal Young, who spotted the slab using satellite images taken by NASA and the European Space Agency. ""It's one of the biggest sighted at those latitudes."" It is unlikely to drift too close to the coast in its current form, Young said. The warmer waters will cause it to melt. ""As the water warms up, the iceberg is slowly breaking up, resulting in hundreds more smaller icebergs in the area,"" Young said on the Australian Antarctic Division Web site. In November, an iceberg estimated to be 500 meters wide and 50 meters high was spotted close to Macquarie Island in the southern Pacific drifting towards New Zealand. Scientists working on the island were astounded by its size. ""We pulled out the binoculars that we use for work on the seals and, sure enough, it was a huge floating island of ice basically and, yeah, it was an incredible sight,"" Australian researcher Dean Miller told CNN affiliate TVNZ. The Australian Antarctic Division said the iceberg was part of a flotilla that would have broken off from a larger ice flow that possibly came from the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica's largest. Although shipping lanes in this region are not particularly busy in November, the icebergs prompted Maritime New Zealand to issue navigation warnings. Three years earlier, another family of icebergs led to a small tourist boom when they drifted along the east coast of New Zealand's South Island. Oceanographer Mike Williams told Radio New Zealand the icebergs had ""pretty much the same origin"" but that some had probably been trapped in the icy seas of Antarctica for longer, before being carried north by the currents. However he was reluctant to cite global warming as the reason for the large-scale movement of ice. ""We do have to a change our position a little because in 2006 we thought this was a 'once in a lifetime' event. ""But large ice shelf carvings, where the ice comes from, are still only carving on a 30 to 50-year period."""
"Beijing (CNN) -- China's first space laboratory module launched Thursday, according to state-run media, an important milestone in China's plan to build a space station. China's Xinhua news agency showed a picture of President Hu Jintao watching the launch of Tiangong-1 at Beijing Aerospace Control Center along with Communist Party officials. Tiangong means ""heavenly palace"" in Chinese. It lifted off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre in Gansu Province, northwest China. The module was on a carrier rocket, called the Long March 2F T1. The 8.5-ton lab module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities, essential for the operation of a manned space platform. Opinion: Make China our new partner in space . Wu Ping, spokesperson for the China Manned Space Engineering Project, told a press conference before the launch that the effective volume of the experiment module is about 15 cubic meters, which could potentially accommodate three astronauts. Tiangong-1 was originally scheduled to launch at the end of August but was postponed after the failure of another satellite launch. When the module successfully enters its low Earth orbit, an unmanned spacecraft -- Shenzhou-8 -- will be sent into space to dock with it. The two spacecraft will fly for about 12 days after the first docking, before conducting another docking test at an appropriate time in flight, Xinhua reported. After the two tests, the Shenzhou-8 will return to Earth and the Tiangong-1 will rise to its original orbit to wait for the next docking test. China sent its first astronaut into space in 2003, the first stage in a ""three-step"" strategy to develop its manned engineering project. The launch of Tiangong-1 is the second step. If successful, it will be followed by the last phase: to build a permanent space lab that will allow astronauts to conduct long-term space experiments. ""It is of great significance for the realization of the three-step Strategy of China Manned Space Engineering Project and the promotion of sustainable development of manned space flight."" said Wu. According to Xinhua, Beijing hopes to build a space station by around 2020. China is not part of the project that maintains the International Space Station (ISS), which currently orbits the Earth conducting experiments in a range of fields, from physics to astronomy. The ISS is a joint venture between NASA, Russia's RKA space agency, Japan's Aerospace Exploration Agency, the European Space Agency and the Canadian CSA."
(CNN) -- This year's Forbes Rich List is notable for the absence of Bill Gates at the top. After 13 years as the world's richest man, he has finally been toppled by his friend Warren Buffett who has an estimate fortune of $62bn. The Middle East's richest man: Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud . The list -- which is a run down of the 1,125 richest people on the planet -- estimates a person's total net worth in US dollars based on the closing stock prices of the stock exchanges on which their company is listed. The Middle East's richest man is Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Alsaud, the 51 year old Saudi who has an estimated net worth of $21bn. He ranks 19th in the list and is considered to be the most active and successful investor in the Middle East. He took his investment vehicle, Kingdom Holding, public on the Saudi stock exchange in July 2007. The company contains investments in well-known global companies such as Citigroup and News Corp. In the early 1990s, Alwaleed made a risky bet on Citigroup that paid off massively and has in recent years accounted for nearly half his fortune. Kuwaiti construction heir Nasser Al-Kharafi is the next richest in 46th place with an inherited fortune of $14bn. He heads M.A. Al-Kharafi & Sons, one of the largest diversified conglomerates in the Arab world. Americana, the company's lucrative food division is extremely successful and has exclusive franchise rights in the region for Pizza Hut, TGI Fridays and other big global brands. Faiza, his sister was the first woman president of Kuwait University. Naguib Sawiris, the eldest son of telecoms billionaire and Orascom Telecom founder Onsi Sawiris ranks next in 60th place with a net worth of $12.7bn. In addition to Orascom Telecom, his assets -- via European holding company Weather Investments -- include Italian phone company, Wind and leading Greek telecom companies Wind Hellas and Tellas. His brother, Nassef is in 68th place, with an estimated worth of $11bn and his father Onsi who serves as chairman of Orascom comes in at 96th place with $9bn.  E-mail to a friend .
"LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN) -- Nigeria has set its sights on making multibillion-dollar oil deals with China amid peace moves with militants. Hundreds of militants have laid down their weapons in exchange for a pardon and a job. Lawmakers in the west African country -- one of the world's top producers of oil -- are crafting new money-making changes for its state oil corporation, as officials negotiate multibillion-dollar oil deals with China. At the same time, the government is brokering peace with bandits whose attacks have cost the oil industry millions. Nigeria's minister for state of petroleum, Odein Ajumogobia, talked this month about the developments. The changes aimed at the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation will address allegations of corruption and mismanagement, he said. ""Some of the excesses we've seen in the industry are as a result of the lack of regulation,"" Ajumogobia said. ""We are going to make sure that the petroleum directorate, for example, where the minister will reside, is going to be manned by professionals who understand the industry and have the experience."" Nigeria welcomes China's recent interest in investing in Nigeria's oil industry, Ajumogobia added. The state-run China Daily reported in September that the China National Offshore Oil Corporation was negotiating with Nigeria over a $30 billion oil deal. The talks are part of China's oil-buying binge this year. Its government-controlled oil companies have closed or floated a slew of deals all over the world, including billion-dollar deals with Russian oil company Rosneft and Brazil's Petrobras. The Nigerian minister offered few details about negotiations with China. ""There is no deal yet,"" he said. ""We all know the appetite of the Chinese for energy -- a huge population and so on -- and they're looking for oil and Nigeria has a lot of it."" Oil bandits have plagued Nigeria for years, attacking pipelines and cutting production by over 1 million barrels of oil a day. But many of those attacks might end, thanks to a cease-fire with the militant group MEND, or the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta. The truce was negotiated in the summer and was extended in September. MEND has demanded a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta and wants oil revenue reinvested in the region, instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians. Last week, the group said it was calling off the truce, but there have not been renewed attacks. Nigeria hopes to leverage the fragile peace to reap big dollars from its oil industry, Ajumogobia said."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- You don't want to monkey around on a blind date, especially if your friends are also taking an interest in the same dark, handsome stranger. Jookie, as she is known, studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah, who is heading for London Zoo. So when three female gorillas at London Zoo heard that they would soon be visited by a brooding French hunk -- well, they went a bit bananas. The latest development in Anglo-French relations sees Yeboah, a 20-stone 12-year-old, leave his current home at La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo, Pays de la Loire, northwest France and head for the British capital by the end of the year. There he will be greeted by gorilla trio Zaire, Effie and Mjukuu, who were given posters of their prospective boyfriend for the first time Thursday. One female gorilla shrieked in delight, while another wedged the poster in a tree to stare at it. A third, clearly overcome by emotion, held the photo close to her chest -- then ate it. Their reception was somewhat unsurprising. The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby, a silverback, in December.  Tracey Lee, team leader at London Zoo, put in a good word for the hirsute lothario on the London Zoo Web site, saying Yeboah is ""a very charming, fun loving and intelligent gorilla."" But whom will Yeboah choose to charm first? Zaire, at 34, is the oldest female gorilla and has been at London Zoo since 1984. The zoo says she's ""happiest when she's taking down and rebuilding her nest in various spots around the island. She loves to play with fabric and often drags it around with her all day. "" Then there's Effie, 16, who ""enjoys seeing toddlers and often makes her way over to the glass when they come to see her,"" according to the zoo Web site.   Finally there's 10-year-old Mjukuu, or ""Jookie."" Dan Simmonds, a keeper at the zoo's Gorilla Kingdom, says she ""has this 'butter wouldn't melt look' to her, and she gets away with murder.""  ""The other two females get along with her very well; she seems to have them all wrapped around her little finger."" Bridget Fallon contributed to this story."
"(CNN) -- A body found Monday beside a North Carolina road is that of 5-year-old Shaniya Davis, who was reported missing a week ago, police said Tuesday. The official cause of death was undetermined as of Tuesday afternoon, Fayetteville police said in written statement. An announced afternoon media briefing was rescheduled for Wednesday morning. Earlier Tuesday, police said additional charges are expected in connection with the case and any charges will be made public as soon as they are filed. Shaniya's mother, Antoinette Nicole Davis, has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses. Davis was ""prostituting her child,"" police spokeswoman Teresa Chance said after Davis' arrest over the weekend. Another suspect, Mario Andrette McNeill, has been charged with kidnapping in the case. Shaniya's father, Bradley Lockhart, made a tearful appeal before reporters Tuesday afternoon, asking that ""everybody makes it a point not to ignore, to look past a situation where a person, a child, or anybody might be in danger ... so that we don't have another tragedy like Shaniya."" He said authorities have given him limited information, but he was to meet with them later. ""It's not the result I wanted, it's not the result any father or family would want for their children,"" he said. ""But God has a greater calling for all of us."" Shaniya's mother reported her missing from their Fayetteville home in a mobile home park on November 10. According to police, surveillance video taken that day from a hotel in Sanford shows Shaniya in the company of McNeill. ""The investigation at this point indicates that Shaniya Davis was alive at the time she left the Sanford hotel,"" police said in the statement Tuesday. The road where the body was found is near Sanford, which is about 30 miles northwest of Fayetteville. Shaniya's half-sister, Cheyenne Lockhart, said on HLN's ""Nancy Grace"" Monday that she found it difficult to believe Davis had treated her daughter so poorly. ""She seemed like the sweetest woman. She didn't come from much, but ... she had the sweetest voice, she had the sweetest personality, and especially toward me. I would never think that she would do anything like that,"" said Lockhart, who shared a father with Shaniya. Their father said Shaniya went to her mother's home on October 9. CNN's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report."
"ARBIL, Iraq (CNN) -- Two United Arab Emirates based companies announced on Tuesday that they will be investing in the Iraq's autonomous region of Kurdistan. Nechirvan Barzani, Prime Minister of the Kurdish Regional Government, called the project ""a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy."" Four hundred and sixty one million square feet have been officially assigned to ""Gas Cities LLC,"" a joint venture between Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum, both Sharjah-based companies, to establish a new venture: ""Kurdistan Gas City."" Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial, residential and commercial buildings in an integrated city. The expected initial investment in basic infrastructure is estimated at $3 billion, with further foreign direct investment exceeding $40 billion during the operations phase. Work will start on the project, which is designed to promote private sector investment in a variety of gas-related industries, on September 21. Gas City is structured to hold over 20 varieties of world scale petrochemical and heavy manufacturing plants, and hundreds of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), served by state-of-the-art facilities. Mr Nechirvan Barzani, Prime Minister of the Kurdistan Regional Government, said: ""Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum have made a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy through their work in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq thus far, we are making significant progress in spurring on economic growth and creating opportunity for our people."" Hamid Jafar, Executive Chairman of Dana Gas, explained the importance of this achievement saying: ""The Kurdistan Gas City is an enormous step forward in Dana Gas' strategy across the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia."" The Kurdistan Gas City is projected to generate job opportunities for nearly 200,000 Iraqi citizens in infrastructure, industrial projects, support services and other business activities. This is not the first project for Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum in Iraq's Kurdistan Region, the two companies are committed to a service agreement signed in April 2007 with the Kurdistan Regional Government to build 180 kilometers of natural gas pipeline and two liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) plants, which are 80 percent complete. The project is on track and will start pumping 150 million cubic feet of gas per day in the coming weeks, rising to 300 million cubic feet by early 2009. Other companies from the UAE showed similar interest in Kurdistan Region ""Damac Properties"" one of the major private developers in the regions revealed on June 3 plans for a $16 billion residential, commercial and recreational project."
"(CNN) -- The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta has claimed responsibility for an attack on an oil rig and the kidnapping of seven people. MEND is one of several militant groups in the oil-rich Niger Delta that has been battling the government for years over the distribution of the country's oil wealth. CNN could not independently confirm the group's claim. MEND said in a statement that its fighters carried out the attack on the Transocean rig off the southern coast of Nigeria at Okoro field. ""All the abducted expatriates are well and in our safe custody,"" the statement said. ""All the fighters who participated in this attack have safely returned to base. Within the next 24 hours, we will release the names of all expatriates currently being held in our different camps."" London, England-based Afren PLC said two Indonesians, two Americans, two French and one Canadian were kidnapped. The Indonesians were not included in an earlier tally released by the company. Two crew members are in stable condition at a shore-based clinic, where they were airlifted after being wounded. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the United States is in contact with Nigerian officials. ""We [are], of course, concerned about their safety and hope for their immediate release,"" he said. ""We are working with Nigerian authorities ... to pursue their prompt release, and there's an investigation already under way."" Drilling operations in the Okoro field have been temporarily suspended, both companies said. In a news release, Afren said a ""security breach"" occurred soon after its High Island VII jackup rig arrived but before drilling had commenced. ""The situation has not been resolved. Afren is doing everything it can to resolve the situation as quickly as possible, and it is working with relevant agencies in the Nigerian government,"" Afren spokesman James Henderson told CNN. Transocean operates six offshore rigs in Nigeria -- two deepwater rigs, two ultra-deepwater rigs and two shallow-water rigs, including the one involved in the incident, said Guy Cantwell, a spokesman for the Houston, Texas-based company. The company has ""taken additional safety precautions"" on its other assets in the west African nation, Cantwell said. Nigerian officials would not comment about the incident. CNN's John Dear and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- These satellite photos taken before and after recent floods in Thailand show how the landscape has been transformed. The first slide contrasts two identical areas of Southeast Asia taken on November 12 2008 and November 1 2011. Captured by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer on NASA's Terra satellite, the images show Thailand (left), Cambodia (middle) and Vietnam (far right). One hundred kilometers north of the Thai capital, Bangkok lies the historic city of Ayutthaya. Founded in the 14th century on the confluence of three rivers -- the Chao Phraya, the Lopburi and the Pasak -- it was an important trade center, once known as the ""Venice of the East."" After the rains, baby elephant brings hope . Today, that old moniker takes on a new meaning. Streets have become small rivers with surrounding farmland and floodplains submerged as images taken in July and October this year by NASA's Advanced Land Imager graphically illustrate. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) estimates that around 200,000 hectares of farmland have been affected by the floods across the country. The urban economy has also been thrown into flux with an estimated 1,000 factories affected. The country is a manufacturing hub for hundreds of electronics companies; the IUCN expects total economic losses from the disaster to exceed $3 billion. Thailand floods could create laptop shortage . On the northern outskirts of Bangkok, the Don Muang Airport -- the city's old international airport which now handles mostly domestic flights -- closed at the end of October after its runways became inundated with water. Perversely, Bangkok's new international Suvarnabhumi Airport (opened in 2006) occupies an area called Nong Ngu Hao (meaning Cobra Swamp) which used to be a floodplain. It is protected by a dike and remains open. The IUCN says natural floodplains are important in storing water during floods and in combination with wetlands and natural river channels can limit the impact of flooding. ""It's a classic case of urbanization being done blindly,"" says Ganesh Pangare, head of IUCN's water program in Asia. ""The drains have gone, the floodplains have gone, the plants that soak up the water have gone. This is a wake-up call to unplanned growth,"" he said."
"(CNN) -- Tuvalu, the fourth smallest nation on the planet, has announced it aims to be totally powered by renewable energy sources by 2020. Tuvalu hopes to set an example to bigger nations by relying totally on clean energy by 2020. Located between Hawaii and Australia, the tiny Pacific nation is one of the world's climate change hotspots and many believe it is already seeing the negative affects of rising sea levels. The highest elevation on the island is just 4.5 meters (14.8 feet), and king tides have become increasingly damaging over the past 10 years, threatening the homes and livelihoods of its 12,000 inhabitants. The government of Tuvalu is working with the e8, a consortium of 10 energy firms from the G8 nations that was set up after the 1992 Rio Earth Summit as a non-profit organization. The Tuvalu government estimates that it will take around $20 million in investment to reach the goal of 100 percent clean energy by 2020. The first stage of the project has seen the roof of the country's largest football stadium covered in solar panels, which supplies 5 percent of the electricity needed by the nation's capital, Funafuti. According to e8 figures, after 14 months in operation the solar stadium has reduced consumption of generator fuel shipped from New Zealand by 17,000 tons and saved 50 tons of CO2 from being released in the atmosphere. A further benefit is the reduced risk of diesel spills around the atoll's reefs. ""There may be other larger solar power installations in the world, but none could be more meaningful to customers than this one,"" said Takao Shiraishi, general manager of the Kansai Electric Power Company that helped implement the scheme. ""The plight of Tuvalu versus the rising tide vividly represents the worst early consequence of climate change. For Tuvalu, after 3,000 years of history, the success of UN climate talks in Copenhagen this December may well be a matter of national survival,"" he said in a press statement. The next scheme is building a solar power system for a secondary school on Vaitupu, one of the outer islands. ""We thank those who are helping Tuvalu reduce its carbon footprint as it will strengthen our voice in upcoming international negotiations. And we look forward to the day when our nation offers an example to all -- powered entirely by natural resources such as the sun and the wind,"" said Kausea Natano, Tuvalu's minister for public utilities and industries."
"London (CNN) -- Lawyers for WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange have filed an appeal against his extradition to Sweden to face questioning on sex charges, a member of his defense team said Thursday. The appeal was submitted to London's High Court on Tuesday, but lawyers do not expect the case to be heard for another two or three months, said Jennifer Robinson, who is part of Assange's defense team. A judge at Belmarsh Magistrates' Court ruled on February 24 that Assange should be extradited from the United Kingdom to Sweden to face allegations of sex crimes. He says the charges are an attempt to smear him. The case is not related to the work of Assange's website, which facilitates the publication of secret information. It made headlines last year for leaking documents and videos related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables. At a news conference after the judge's extradition ruling last month, he lashed out at the decision. He said to thrust someone into a foreign land where someone does not speak the language or understand the judicial system ""is a very grave matter."" Assange has not been charged with a crime, but Swedish prosecutors want to question him in connection with sexual misconduct allegations related to separate incidents in August. Assange denies the accusations. His attorneys are fighting his extradition on procedural and human-rights grounds. Judge Howard Riddell, however, dismissed almost all the arguments by the defense. He ruled that the allegations against Assange are extraditable offenses. He disagreed with Assange's lawyers that Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny did not have the authority to issue a European arrest warrant and ruled that the warrant was valid. Riddell also tossed out claims that Assange would not be able to obtain a fair trial in Sweden or that Swedish prosecutors had not made any effort to promptly interview Assange before he left Sweden last year. ""In fact this is untrue,"" the judge said in the ruling. He said Assange's Swedish lawyer Bjorn Hurtig had made a ""deliberate attempt to mislead the court"" and that it was Assange who had avoided interrogation before he left Sweden. ""It would be a reasonable assumption from the facts that Mr. Assange was deliberately avoiding interrogation before he left Sweden,"" Riddell wrote. Assange's lawyers have raised the possibility that Sweden would hand him over to the United States if Britain extradites him to Sweden. Prosecutor Clare Montgomery, representing Sweden, has dismissed that claim. CNN's David Wilkinson and Andrew Carey contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- NASA's plans to fly a fifth and final space shuttle mission to service the Hubble Space Telescope have suffered another set-back. Atlantis was prepared to launch in September before an onboard computer failed, delaying the mission. Hubble managers say ground testing of a critical replacement computer that they hope to install on the orbiting telescope is taking longer than previously expected. And that means an additional flight delay. ""Delivery in April to support a May launch, I think is a fair thing to say,"" said Hubble program manager Preston Burch. ""Right now I think we have a very good chance of meeting a readiness date in that time frame."" The additional delay is just the latest dip in an emotional rollercoaster ride for the Hubble team over the past few months. In late September, astronauts were mere weeks away from launching to Hubble aboard the space shuttle Atlantis, with spacewalks planned to make the telescope more powerful than ever and extend its expected lifespan an additional five years. That flight had to be postponed when the onboard computer that downlinks scientific data to the ground suddenly failed on September 27th. While that problem has been corrected using a back-up system, NASA managers have decided the computer needs to be completely replaced in order to keep a fully redundant back-up capability available. A spare computer was built prior to Hubble's launch in 1990, and has been warehoused at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland ever since. Initially, engineers had hoped that spare could be quickly tested, certified ""flight ready,"" and shipped to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida to be packed aboard Atlantis in time for a February launch. But a closer evaluation of the spare shows more than six months of work will be needed to get it ready to fly. Among other issues, it was partially disassembled other the years so that parts could be used for other systems. It has been largely put back together, but now programming anomalies are cropping up. And once engineers get it in good working order, it will have to go a battery of environmental tests to make sure it is ready to hold up in the harsh conditions of space. But the engineers are confident that they will eventually overcome all the obstacles. ""We've gotten a lot smarter about the condition of this unit over the last four weeks, said Burch. ""We don't want to take any chances in bringing a box up there that isn't going to be 100% working to the absolute best that it can. So we want to take some extra time and make sure that we subject this to a very rigorous test program and we don't want to leave any stones unturned on the way to the launch pad."""
"Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- None of the seven doctors and one nurse investigated by the state will face criminal prosecution in the death of singer Michael Jackson, the state attorney general's office said Wednesday. But a doctor who prescribed drugs to the pop singer using a fake name shortly before the singer's death could be disciplined by the California medical board, according to Christine Gasparac, a spokeswoman for Attorney General Jerry Brown. Investigators did not find sufficient evidence to recommend criminal prosecution of any of the medical practitioners, she said. She would not identify the doctor referred to the medical board for consideration of administrative action or the others who were cleared. Dr. Conrad Murray, who was Jackson's personal physician when he died a year ago, was not part of the probe, Gasparac said. Murray was charged with involuntary manslaughter earlier this year in the entertainer's death. The Los Angeles Police Department asked the California Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement to investigate the prescription practices of seven doctors and a nurse, Gasparac said. ""After reviewing hundreds of pages of records and documents obtained from the medical practitioners, the attorney general's office has referred one doctor, who wrote prescriptions to an alias known to have been used by Jackson, to the California medical board for further review,"" she said. State drug agents executed search warrants at several doctors' offices last summer and at least one pharmacy. Agents spent several hours inside the Mickey Fine Pharmacy just below the Beverly Hills practice of Dr. Arnold Klein, Jackson's dermatologist. Investigators also visited Klein's office, where Jackson was seen several times in the weeks before his June 25, 2009 death. Klein told CNN last year that he never prescribed dangerous drugs to the singer. Searches of Jackson's rented mansion revealed a long list of prescription drugs in his bedroom after his death, according to court documents and the autopsy report. The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson's death was from an overdose of propofol, a powerful anesthesia used to put surgical patients to sleep. A consultant's report included in the autopsy said the level of lorazepam, a powerful anti-anxiety agent found in Jackson's body ""would have accentuated the respiratory and cardiovascular depression from propofol."" CNN's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report."
"JAKARTA, Indonesia (CNN) -- A U.S. mining company has denied a report by Indonesia's state media that a convoy of its buses came under fire in the province of Papua Wednesday. Indonesian soldiers provide security near a PT Freeport-owned gold mine in Timika, Papua province, on July 18. The state-run Antara News Agency had said that two people were reportedly killed when a 12-bus convoy carrying employees of PT Freeport was attacked by unidentified gunmen in the country's eastern-most province. The company clarified that a vehicle was wrecked in the province, killing one person and wounding several others. When police and mechanics drove to the area to assist, shots were fired at them. Three people were hurt in the shooting, the company said. ""No shots were fired at the PT-FI bus convoy as earlier reported,"" the company said. Following the company's comments, Antara's Web site changed its report to reflect the new information. PT Freeport is the largest copper and gold mining company in the province. Attacks directed at the company killed an Australian mine technician and two Indonesians on July 11 and 12. And two directors of the company were wounded Friday in a twin attack at the Ritz Carlton and JW Marriott hotels in the capital Jakarta. Papua residents have long resented the presence of PT Freeport in the province. They have criticized the environmental impact of the mining operations and the small share of revenues the province receives. In 2008, a separatist group claimed responsibility for a series of bomb attacks in the area. No one died in the attacks, Antara said. In 2002, two American teachers and an Indonesian colleague who worked at the mine were shot dead in an attack, the news agency said. Meanwhile, authorities on Wednesday released sketches of two men believed to have carried out the bombings at the luxury hotels in Jakarta. One was about 40; the other 17, officials said. Analysis of their DNA matched those obtained from a homemade explosive found in a room at the Marriott where they had checked in, police said. But authorities still do not know their identities. CNN's Andy Saputra contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Kim Clijsters has regained the WTA Tour Championship title, seven years after last winning it, after a hard-fought three-set victory over Caroline Wozniacki in Doha, Qatar on Sunday. Belgian Clijsters, who was lifting the trophy for a third time following back-to-back wins in 2002 and 2003, beat world number one Wozniacki 6-3 5-7 6-3 in a thrilling two hour and 20 minute clash. It marked a remarkable return for 27-year-old Clijsters, who was appearing in her first tournament since retaining her U.S. Open title seven weeks ago, following a foot operation. Is Wozniacki a worthy world number one? ""It was a very tough battle, and I think it was a fine advert for women's tennis,"" Clijsters told reporters. ""I'm glad I won but I don't know how many more years I will play --and I think Caroline has a great future ahead of her,"" added Clijsters. Dane Wozniacki, who will end the year as number one following six WTA Tour titles this season, said: ""It was still a fantastic week for me. ""I would love to come back here, and I would love to try for this title once again."" Meanwhile, Sunday saw three ATP Tour finals take place around Europe with home favorite Gael Monfils claiming his third career title with a 6-2 5-7 6-1 win over Croatia's Ivan Ljubicic in the final of the inaugural Montpellier tournament. World number 15 Monfils has been beaten in both of his two previous final appearances this year, in Stuttgart and Tokyo. Elsewhere, top seed and world number 12 Jurgen Melzer fought back from the brink of defeat to see off fellow-Austrian Andreas Haider-Maurer 6-7 7-6 6-4 to win the Austria Tennis Trophy in Vienna for the second year in a row. And there was a surprise in the final of the St Petersburg Open in Russia when unseeded Mikhail Kukushkin of Kazakhstan shocked top seed Mikhail Youzhny to win his maiden ATP title. The 22-year-old from Astana completed a 6-3 7-6 victory after two hours and 25 minutes of play."
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Paint markings found on pieces of two planes that collided over suburban Los Angeles indicate the nose of one aircraft slammed into the middle fuselage of the other, according to a federal investigator. Investigators on Monday walk past the tail section of a plane lying in a car dealership. Five people died in the accident in Corona, California, including a man on the ground who was killed when one plane's engine crashed through the roof of a car dealership where he worked, said National Transportation Safety Board investigator Wayne Pollack. The NTSB, assisted by FBI evidence experts, completed the cleanup of wreckage and body parts that were spread over a commercial area of car dealerships, restaurants and other businesses near the Riverside Freeway Monday afternoon. Investigators don't yet know if both single-engine planes were approaching the nearby Corona airport for landing, but it was apparently a Sunday afternoon pleasure flight for each. The two men in the Cessna 150 were ejected after the plane was struck broadside by the Cessna 172, Pollack said. The bodies of the two men flying in the Cessna 172 were found inside the plane after it crashed to the ground, he said. The FBI helped the NTSB mark where each piece was found, although the investigation does not involve any criminal aspect, Pollack said. The wreckage was being trucked to Palmdale, California, Monday evening. Aviation experts there will examine it for more clues about what caused the collision, he said. There were two licensed pilots on board the Cessna 150, which was rented from a local flight school, Pollack said. One of the two people on board the other plane -- a Cessna 172 -- was licensed to fly, he said. The victims from one plane were identified as Scott Lawrence, 55, and Paul Carlson, 73, both from Cerritos, California. The dead from the other aircraft were Brandon Johnson, 24, from Costa Mesa, California. and Anthony Guzman, 20, from Hesperia, Calif., according to the Riverside County Coroner's Office. The car dealership employee who died was Earl Smiddy, 58, from Moreno Valley, California, the coroner said. Weather is not believed to have been a factor since it was clear and winds were calm at the time, Pollack said. Corona is about 40 miles east of downtown Los Angeles.  E-mail to a friend .
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- A stolen Statue of Liberty replica has resurfaced in a disturbing video posted on YouTube that shows someone decapitating the blindfolded lady and smashing her head into pieces. The YouTube video shows a gloved hand sawing off Lady Liberty's head before smashing it. The 200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from Vox Pop, a coffee shop in Brooklyn. ""It's very disturbing,"" shop operator Debi Ryan told CNN, adding the video struck a chord similar to that of terrorist assassination videos. ""I don't know what it means. ... I don't know who would do this."" The YouTube video begins with a waving American flag, and then shows a gloved hand sawing off the head of the statue before crushing it. The slogans ""We don't want your freedom"" and ""Death to America"" flash across the screen during the one-minute video, which is dated July Fourth. It was anonymously e-mailed to the Daily News and Ryan earlier this week. Ryan said she's sure the statue in the video is the one stolen from her cafe. ""She's unique. I know my girl,"" she said of the statue. ""We just had her completely refurbished, outfitted with a solar torch and painted."" Authorities told CNN they are handling the case as a larceny rather than separately investigating the YouTube video. ""We want to verify who sent the e-mail with the video and see if they're responsible,"" police said. A sign on the store, located in Ditmas Park, reads, ""Books, Coffee, Democracy,"" near where the 8-foot replica of Lady Liberty used to stand outside. The self-described community coffee shop is also a bookstore and a spot for artists and performers. ""We've created a space here that's owned by the community,"" Ryan said. ""We're all about freedom of speech and freedom to be who you are and say whatever you think."" But Ryan doesn't consider the YouTube video featuring her stolen statue appropriate free speech. ""Vox Pop stands for freedom of speech. You don't get to steal somebody else's property to send that message. We have to respect each other,"" she said. Although the coffee shop recently faced economic problems and neighborhood tension, the motive behind the statue's theft remains unknown. As for whether there will be a replacement statue, Ryan said, ""I'm hoping. I think she belongs here. But she added, ""Whether we have a physical statue or not, what she stands for remains here."""
"(CNN) -- A motel owner in New Zealand -- fed up with one too many incidents of rowdy behavior -- has banned an entire town from checking in as guests. Steve Donnelly, an Australian, has been accused of racism following his decision. Steve Donnelly, the owner of the Supreme Motor Lodge in the town of Palmerston North, said he decided to yank the welcome mat for the 16,000 residents of Wainuiomata because ""each time they visited, our life became less exciting."" ""I'm not Santa Claus. I can't figure out who's naughty and who's nice,"" he said. ""So we went ahead and banned all of them."" Wainuiomata, near the capital, Wellington, is about two hours' drive from Palmerston North. Donnelly said he banned the town after three groups of people from Wainuiomata checked in on separate occasions over a six-month period, riling other guests at the 51-room hotel. ""We have moms and dads who come here with two or three kids to relax,"" he said. ""They don't want some loudmouth spitting on the pavement, flirting with girls and swearing."" The ""no vacancy"" extends to the members of parliament, as Wainuiomata lawmaker Trevor Mallard found out when he came to test the ban. ""He's barging in here with a TV camera, trying to book a room to prove a point,"" Donnelly said. ""We just stood at the front door and said, 'You're not welcome here. Go away.'"" By ""we,"" Donnelly is referring to himself and his general manager, Malcolm Glen -- a Scotsman known in the community as ""Basil Fawlty"" after the iconic and paranoid John Cleese character in the British sitcom ""Fawlty Towers."" News of the ban sent some former guests complaining, and others accusing Donnelly, an Australian, of racism. Many wanted to know whether he was violating the Human Rights Act, which prohibits hotel owners from discriminating based on race. ""Some people are making it out to be about the big Aussie brother giving his poor little Kiwi cousin a hard time,"" Donnelly said. ""They were flabbergasted that there wasn't a law that stopped me. But it's like having a pub. You don't have to have a reason why you won't serve alcohol to any group of people."" Donnelly, who's owned the 25-year-old motel for the past two and a half years, said he might annul the ban in the future -- if Wainuiomata adjusts its behavior."
"(CNN) -- American-born Edgar Valdez Villarreal, believed to be one of Mexico's most ruthless drug traffickers, was captured Monday, Mexican authorities said. Federal police made the capture, though the exact location and timing of it were not immediately known. The arrest, a high-profile win for Mexican authorities, followed ""intelligence work"" that began in June 2009, federal police said in a statement. His capture came after a shootout, according to Viviana Macias, a spokeswoman with the federal attorney general's office. Valdez, who is known as ""La Barbie"" because of his blue eyes and fair complexion, was a one-time top lieutenant of Mexico's most wanted man, Joaquin ""El Chapo"" Guzman. Valdez later joined the breakaway Beltran Leyva cartel, but the leader of that group, Arturo Beltran Leyva, was killed in a shootout with Mexican officials late last year. Beltran's brother Carlos was arrested, leaving Valdez in a fight to fill a power vacuum in one of Mexico's most powerful drug cartels. Lieutenants loyal to the cartel's co-founder deny Valdez is the group's leader, federal police have said. Valdez, thought to be the first U.S.-born cartel leader in Mexico, is accused in the United States of attempting to launder money and conspiring to import and distribute cocaine. He is believed to have played a key role in shipping roughly 100 kilograms of cocaine across the border at Laredo, Texas, every week for much of 2005, U.S. authorities have said. U.S. Justice Department officials offered in June a $2 million reward for information leading to the capture of the alleged cocaine kingpin. His arrest comes on the heels of another big blow against the drug cartels. Ignacio ""Nacho"" Coronel Villareal, a principle leader of the Sinaloa drug cartel, was killed during a military raid in July. More than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon intensified the government's fight against drug cartels and organized crime after taking office in December 2006, according to government figures. The president is under increasing pressure to show results."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN)  -- Michael Jackson fans will get their first peek at the behind-the-scenes documentary of the pop star's final three months Sunday evening during the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, MTV said. Michael Jackson died in June at the age of 50, amid preparations for his This Is It tour. Janet Jackson ""will help open the entire show to honor Michael's celebrated career,"" the network said. No other details about her ""special appearance"" were released. The debut of the trailer for ""Michael Jackson's This Is It"" will come about four weeks after concert promoter AEG Live handed over to Sony Pictures about 100 hours of video captured between April and June, when Jackson was preparing for his concert comeback. Fans who miss the MTV show, which will air live at 9 p.m. ET Sunday, can preview the documentary at www.thisisit-movie.com beginning Sunday night, the network said. The trailer makes its big screen debut September 18 with the Sony Pictures Animation release of ""Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs."" The Jackson documentary will run in theaters worldwide for just two weeks starting October 28, Sony Pictures said. Tickets will go on sale September 27. ""Audiences will be given a privileged and private look at the singer, dancer, filmmaker, architect and genius as he creates and perfects his final show,"" Sony said. Kenny Ortega, who was working with Jackson to create the This Is It concert, is also directing the documentary. ""As we began assembling the footage for the motion picture, we realized we captured something extraordinary, unique and very special,"" Ortega said. ""It's a very private, exclusive look into a creative genius's world."" Ortega said Jackson's This Is It ""may go down as the greatest concert that no one got a chance to see,"" as the pop singer died June 25, three weeks before it was to debut in London, England's O2 Arena. ""But with this film, we get a rare portrait of Michael as he prepares for his final curtain call and what I believe was going to be his master work.""  Watch Jermaine Jackson talk about tributes to his brother  . A Los Angeles Superior Court judge last month approved allowing the special administrators of Jackson's estate to sign a contract with Sony and AEG Live to clear the way for the production. AEG Live also will conduct a three-city tour of a Michael Jackson memorabilia exhibition to coincide with the film's release. The cities have not been named."
"(CNN) -- Argentina are into the quarterfinals of the 2011 Copa America after the hosts scored a comfortable 3-0 victory against Costa Rica in Cordoba. Two goals from Atletico Madrid's Sergio Aguero and one from Real Madrid winger Angel di Maria secured the three points Sergio Batista's team needed to avoid an early exit from the quadrennial competition. The two-time world champions advanced from Group A in second position, after Colombia defeated Bolivia 2-0 on Sunday to advance in first place. La Albiceleste will now face the second-placed team from Group C, which will be one of Chile, Peru or Uruguay. Is Argentine football in crisis? Argentina were gifted the lead on the brink of half-time, when goalkeeper Leonel Moreira spilled midfielder Fernando Gago's volley and the 23-year-old Aguero finished from close range. Aguero's second goal, and third of the tournament, arrived seven minutes into the second half, when the former Independiente striker latched onto a perfectly weighted pass from FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi to sidefoot the ball beyond Moreira. Di Maria completed the scoring just past the hour mark, firing home from 10 yards after another perfect pass from Barcelona's Messi. River Plate's fate a warning to Latin American giants . Batista made four changes to his starting line-up after two draws in Argentina's opening two matches against Bolivia and Colombia. The most high-profile name to be dropped was Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez, with the 48-year-old coach preferring to field a front three of Aguero, Di Maria and Gonzalo Higuain anchored by Messi. ""We needed a game like this to restore the confidence of the players,"" Batista told the tournament's official web site. The 1986 World Cup winner praised the impact of Messi, who showed glimpses of the dazzling form he displayed for European champions Barca last season. ""Messi was brilliant and I was pleased by the application of the team, this is the game we want. ""We needed to have security as a team and keep the ball. Lionel knows how to overcome these situations and he showed today."" Messi, 24, thanked the fans in the Estadio Mario Alberto Kempes for their support. ""I want to thank the fans, we missed this affection. From now another Cup begins, more than anyone, we want the best for Argentina."" Tuesday's match in the competition will pit Chile against Peru in Mendoza, with both teams level on four points."
"(CNN) -- Former rugby superstar Jonah Lomu has revealed that he is poised to make a shock playing comeback at the age of 34 with French third-division club Marseille Vitrolles. Jonah Lomu pictured in action for New Zealand's All Blacks during the 1999 World Cup in France. The giant New Zealander, who became a global name after an electrifying series of performances on the wing for the All Blacks at the 1995 World Cup, retired in 2007 after a succession of injuries hampered his attempt to return following a kidney transplant. He played 63 internationals, the last of them in 2002, but was never able to regain his previous dominance even after regaining full health. ""Marseille Vitrolles is on the point of finalizing the transfer of the greatest legend in world rugby,"" said statement on the club's Web site. Lomu, who is featuring in a new worldwide advertising campaign for sportswear manufacturer adidas called ""Nothing Is Impossible"", was also quoted as confirming his desire to return to the playing field. ""I took a sabbatical year to be at my pregnant partner's side and to fully enjoy this important moment in any man's life,"" he said on the Web site. ""Everyone thought I had ended my playing career, but that was wrong. I still feel the desire to play and it will be me alone who decides when to call it a day. ""My ambition is to help a club like Marseille join the group of top clubs in France."" Lomu was first diagnosed with nephrotic syndrome, a rare and serious kidney disorder, at the end of 1996. He successfully returned to the game after treatment, but in May 2003 he was put on dialysis three times a week due to deterioration in his kidney function, with the treatment's side effects leaving him with severe nerve damage in his feet and legs. Lomu faced life in a wheelchair if a kidney transplant was not performed, so underwent the operation. He signed a two-year contract with New Zealand province North Harbour in 2005, and also played for Welsh club Cardiff Blues during the southern hemisphere's off-season. However, he was unable to achieve his goal of being selected in the All Blacks squad for the 2007 World Cup in France, having suffered a shoulder injury. Lomu agreed to play in a charity match in England last year, but withdrew after injuring his ankle in training."
"(CNN) -- Two senior Indian officials met with the Sri Lankan president Friday in Colombo to address the humanitarian crisis in the war-torn island nation. A Sri Lanka army photo of what it says are refugees fleeing a rebel area. Shiv Shankar Menon, the Indian foreign secretary and M.K. Narayanan, the national security adviser, met with President Mahinda Rajapaksa, according to A.M.J. Sadiq, a foreign ministry official in Sri Lanka. He did not provide further details. ""The Indian message was just short of reading the riot act,"" a source told CNN. Significant numbers of people have been killed or wounded in a Sri Lankan offensive against the faltering Tamil Tiger rebel movement, and thousands are trapped by the fighting, the United Nations said Wednesday. ""Given that the area has shrunk even further, the potential for further significant casualties still remains,"" the U.N. said in a statement. The Sri Lankan army launched an operation against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam in the country's northern area Monday, and a deadline for the rebels to surrender passed Tuesday. Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area, but tens of thousands more remain wedged on the island's northeastern coast. The area remains controlled by the rebels, the U.S. State Department said Tuesday. The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka's northeast since 1983. As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began, and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries, including the United States and the European Union. Thousands of civilians remained threatened, Pranab Mukherjee, India's foreign affairs minister, said in a statement Thursday. He called for an end to hostilities in the area. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it is helping the government in the regions of Vavuniya and Jaffna, with emergency shelters and distribution of aid. There are about 38 internally displaced persons sites and authorities are working to come up with more land and buildings for more displaced people. ""UNHCR remains deeply concerned about the estimated 50,000 people who are still trapped inside the conflict zone where fighting is intensifying,"" the organization said. ""We urge the government to exercise extreme caution in its military actions and calls upon the LTTE to allow displaced people to leave the area immediately,"" the UNHCR said."
"Washington (CNN) -- In Washington, most speeches by representatives of other countries are, well, diplomatic, carefully written to avoid controversy. A speech by Polish President Bronislaw Komorowski at the German Marshall Fund of the United States on Wednesday broke that mold. Speaking off-the-cuff for much of it, Komorowski gave a frank and, at times, sarcastic evaluation of U.S.-Polish relations. Citing Wikileaks disclosures of State Department cables, which some Polish officials believe show the United States put relations with Russia ahead of Poland's security interests, Komorowski said: ""Like in marriage -- from time to time its worth taking your wife for a date."" Translation: The United States should not take Poland for granted. ""It's like a mantra that's mumbled, some slogans are specifically repeated, and quite often there is no practice behind them,"" the Polish President said. ""Today I spoke with President Obama about it. Perhaps I used slightly different words but I want to repeat the same: I simply believe that very much has gone the wrong way in Polish-American relations. And this can be testified to by leaks from different American cables."" Komorowski also complained about the requirement that he submit visa form to visit the United States. Referring to 18th century Polish heroes of the American Revolutionary War, he said: ""Pulaski and Kosciusko today would also have to fill in the visa forms if they wanted to come to the United States."" Komorowski said, when he filled in his U.S. visa form, he was asked ""whether I am involved in prostitution or if perhaps I was involved in genocide or whether I was a terrorist."" ""Well, I don't take it as an insult,"" the Polish president added. ""I'm not a prostitute. But I have to tell you when I had to answer the question whether I was a terrorist my hand shook a little. Because I do not want to lie. I do not want to lie to the United States. ""But I had some doubt. At the time of the Communist regime I was considered to be a terrorist. It was the language of some of the charges formulated by the prosecutor in the Communist state. So I did not know: Should I write the truth or lie in that form? So my suggestion is to skip that form. ... It's not understandable for us. It's nonsense. It spoils a lot in Polish-American relations."""
"(CNN) -- While most Americans continue to get fatter, Coloradans stand out as being among the fittest in the country, the Trust for America's Health says. Exercise and good nutrition are part of the Colorado public consciouness, says one former official. The state ranked 51st in obesity, with 17.6 percent of its 4.3 million residents squeezing into that category. (The rankings included the District of Columbia.) And fewer than one in five state residents leads an inactive lifestyle, the trust found. That appeared to pay off in health benefits, with Colorado ranking 50th in diabetes and high blood pressure. These figures did not surprise Spenser Havlick, former deputy mayor of Boulder, where exercise and good nutrition rank high in the public consciousness and attract like-minded people from other parts of the country, he said. ""They are leaving behind a more sedentary life in the larger cities,"" he said. ""Every weekend, there's a 5K race, a 10K race; there are ultramarathons."" A number of organic health food stores dot the city, and organic produce ""is pushed throughout the schools,"" he said. Boulder's 100,000 residents have 360 miles of bike paths and 64 underpasses, so cyclists need not stop when they reach an intersection. ""We think that's much safer, and it's much faster and it's more fun,"" said Havlick, 72, who returned last week from hiking on glaciers in Alaska. Exercise is also part of the political culture of Boulder, where seven of the nine City Council members are bicyclists, said Havlick, professor emeritus of architecture and planning at the University of Colorado. ""There's a strong inclination for more money to be spent on reducing car dependency."" Weather, too, plays a role, with 330 days of sunshine, he said. And social pressure may have an impact. ""I think there is a stigma attached to people who have a BMI that's high,"" he said, referring to body mass index, a measure of body fat based on height and weight. Still, he noted, the percentage of obese Coloradans has gone up slightly in the past two years. ""Some of the folks who come to Colorado to work may not have picked up on these healthy lifestyles yet,"" he said. E-mail to a friend ."
"ROME, Italy (CNN) -- Police made a string of arrests across Europe Tuesday, detaining 20 people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers, Italian police said. Eleven of the arrests were in Italy, in the northern cities of Milan, Reggio Emilia, Bergamo, and San Remo, said. Lt. Col. Sandro Sandulli, the head of the Carabinieri special forces. One was already in custody, so authorities served him with a new arrest warrant which included new charges against him, Sandulli said. Three arrests were in Britain, one in France, and one in Portugal, Sandulli said. The remaining arrests happened in European countries but Sandulli did not specify which ones. Those arrested are suspected of forming Salafi Jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to Iraq and Afghanistan, said Col. Mario Parente, deputy commander of the Carabinieri special forces unit. Parente said that during the arrests, police found al Qaeda manuals for the production of explosives, detonation devices, and various poisons. He said the manuals also included details of guerrilla-style war operations. Salafi is an extreme school of Islamic thought which developed in Egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late 1960s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in North Africa, the Middle East, and Europe, said Sajjan Gohel, director of international security at the Asia Pacific Foundation in London. ""It's become the ideology of choice for transnational terrorism, including al Qaeda,"" Gohel said. ""It's emerging as a very dangerous ideology."" The Madrid train bombers and various terrorist cells in Italy were part of the Salafi school of thought, he added. Italian police said Tuesday's arrests were the result of an investigation, started in 2003, into some Salafi cells which were organized by Tunisians and Algerians. The main suspect in the operation is a Tunisian who was arrested in 2002 during a separate antiterrorism operation, police said. The main terrorist cell was based in the northern Italian region of Lombardy and involved what investigators called a ""long-term"" jihadist program which provided military and ideological training. Another cell, based in Reggio Emilia, had the goal of creating a grand Islamic ""empire"" stretching from Morocco to China, police said. Parente said those arrested are also accused of producing false documents, facilitating illegal immigration, and covering up other individuals wanted for terrorism-related crimes. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Flavia Taggiasco in Rome contributed to this report ."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Aircraft manufacturer Airbus is ready to fund a third search of the Atlantic Ocean if a second search, now under way, fails to find debris from last month's Air France crash, the company said Friday. Investigators pore over wreckage of Air France flight 447 which crashed killing 228 people on June 1. Airbus is discussing a payment of between 12 to 20 million euros ($17-28 million) to help pay for a third search, but it is still too early to settle on a figure, company spokesman Stefan Schaffrath said. ""We are ready to give a significant share, whatever is needed,"" he told CNN. The company is driven by the desire to understand what caused the crash of Air France Flight 447 on June 1, he said. All 228 people aboard were killed. ""Our priority is increasing aviation safety,"" Schaffrath said. ""The aviation community can learn from an accident."" Airbus is already helping in the second search alongside Air France and the French accident investigations agency, the BEA. French investigators began the second phase of their search for remnants of the flight Thursday, weeks after the locator beacons of the plane's flight recorders would have stopped working. A ship arrived in the area of the Atlantic considered the most likely location of the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder, according to the BEA. Using two submersible units and lateral scanning sonar, search teams will look for debris sites on the sea floor that could lead to finding the recorders, the BEA said. The locator beacons of flight data recorders and cockpit voice recorders are designed to emit acoustic beacons, or ""pings,"" for 30 days after a crash. Flight 447 went down in stormy weather during a flight from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to Paris, France, on the first day of June. The search for the pings ended July 10. Investigators hope the recorders will help them determine the cause of the crash. Flight debris recovered so far is being stored in France, authorities have said. Only 51 bodies were recovered from the crash of Flight 447, the worst accident in Air France's 75-year history."
"Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A trendy California sushi restaurant says it's closing after being accused of serving illegal whale meat. The company that owns Santa Monica's The Hump restaurant had already apologized for the whale meat accusation earlier in the week. The restaurant's Web site said: ""After 12 years doing business in Santa Monica, The Hump will be closing its doors effective March 20, 2010. The Hump hopes that by closing its doors, it will help bring awareness to the detrimental effect that illegal whaling has on the preservation of our ocean ecosystems and species."" The investigation into the eatery began in October when two members of the team that made the documentary, ""The Cove"" visited The Hump, officials said. ""The Cove,"" which exposes the annual killing of dolphins at a Japanese fishing village, won the Academy Award for Best Documentary earlier in March. Armed with a hidden camera, two women from the documentary captured the waitress serving them whale and horse meat and identifying them as such, a federal criminal complaint said. A receipt from the restaurant at the end of the meal identified their selection as ""whale"" and ""horse"" with a cost of $85 written next to them. The women snuck pieces of the meat into a napkin and later sent them for examination to a researcher at Oregon State University. He identified the whale sample to be that of sei whale, prosecutors said. The meat from whales, considered an endangered species, cannot be sold legally in the United States. The restaurant, located at the Santa Monica Airport, is known for its exotic fare. Its Web site asks diners to surrender themselves to its chefs for ""a culinary adventure ... unlike any that you have previously experienced."" Prosecutors have also charged Typhoon Restaurant Inc., the parent company of the restaurant, and one of its chefs -- Kiyoshiro Yamamoto, 45 -- with the illegal sale of a marine mammal product for an unauthorized purpose. The misdemeanor charge carries a federal prison sentence of up to a year and a fine of up to $200,000 for the company, federal authorities said. The Endangered Species Act and the Marine Mammal Protection Act make it illegal, except under very limited circumstances, to hunt, kill or capture whales and also prohibit trade in the animals or any part of them. CNN's Sonya Hamaski contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Former Asian football president Mohammed bin Hammam has failed to overturn his life ban in an appeal to world ruling body FIFA. The Qatari had hoped to be reinstated after being accused of bribing officials for votes in June's FIFA presidential election, but the Appeal Committee announced on Thursday that the suspension will stand. ""The appeal made by Mohammed bin Hammam has been rejected and the decision of the FIFA Ethics Committee confirmed,"" FIFA's website reported. ""The sanction of being banned from taking part in any kind of football-related activity (administrative, sports or any other) at national and international level for life has therefore been maintained."" Ecuador's Francisco Acosta chaired a panel also comprising Argentina's Fernando Mitjans and Augustin Senghor of Senegal to hear the case. Bin Hammam said he now intended to pursue the matter with the Court of Arbitration for Sport, where he feels he has a better chance of success. ""Of course, today's outcome from the Appeal Committee was not unexpected or surprising. To be fair to the Appeal Committee members though, as a consequence of our experiences with the Ethics Committee, we didn't make serious efforts to prove my innocence this time around,"" he said on his website. ""I can now see, at last, light at the end of the tunnel and I am heading confidently towards it. My next step is to go to CAS, where from now on I will be equal to my rival."" Bin Hammam was provisionally found guilty of breaching FIFA's ethics code just days before the June 1 election, in which he was to be incumbent Sepp Blatter's only opponent. The 62-year-old withdrew from contention and was subsequently banned for life in July. He has maintained his innocence, despite being found guilty of offering money to Caribbean delegates. FIFA vice-president Jack Warner was also provisionally suspended for his part in the affair, but decided to resign rather than appear in front of the Ethics Committee. Bin Hammam, a former FIFA Executive Committee member, was chairman of the Qatar Football Association from 1992-96 and president of the Asian Football Confederation from 2002-11. He was a key figure as Qatar won the right to host the 2022 World Cup, despite accusations of corruption in the build-up to the FIFA delegates' vote on that tournament and the 2018 event, which went to Russia."
"Washington (CNN) -- Pop star Lady Gaga will headline a rally in Portland, Maine, on Monday calling on the state's two Republican senators to vote yes on taking up a defense bill that includes authorization to repeal the military's ""don't ask, don't tell"" policy toward gay and lesbian servicemembers. A crucial Senate vote is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon, and supporters of the repeal say that as of now, they do not have the 60 votes needed to overcome a GOP filibuster blocking the bill. Maine Republicans Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe are publicly undecided, and could each potentially provide Democrats the votes they need to bring the issue before the Senate. Lady Gaga's rally is being organized by Servicemembers Legal Defense Network (SLDN), a gay rights group mobilizing grassroots support to repeal the controversial policy. The organization also helped the singer set up a lengthy YouTube video posted Friday urging her fans to call their senators and ask them to support Tuesday's procedural vote. The singer sent word of the planned rally via twitter Sunday night. A spokesman for SLDN says Gaga will be accompanied at Monday's rally by both gay and straight military veterans. Both of Maine's GOP senators have been generally supportive of the gay rights community, and this issue in particular. Collins voted to authorize the Pentagon to repeal the don't-ask-don't-tell policy when the issue was before the Senate Armed Services Committee this summer, and SLDN executive director Aubrey Sarvis calls both Collins and Snowe ""key to breaking the filibuster"" on Tuesday. Republican leaders are trying to keep all 41 GOP senators on board to block the bill, arguing that Senate Majority leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, is unfairly limiting the amendments allowed to try to change the bill once it is on the Senate floor. GOP leaders are also ridiculing Reid for trying to bring what they call a purely political vote to the Senate floor right before the election, to appease the gay community, which has been frustrated with Democrats for inaction on this issue. On Friday, aides to both Collins and Snowe told CNN they were still undecided about how they would vote. GOP leadership sources told CNN they feel confident they can keep all their members in line and prevent the defense bill from coming to the Senate floor. Lady Gaga's rally will take place at 4 p.m. ET at Deering Oaks Park in Portland, Maine, near the University of Southern Maine campus."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- A former Army commander who underwent a sex change operation was discriminated against by the U.S. government, a federal judge ruled Friday in an important victory for transgenders claiming bias in the workplace. Diane Schroer won her federal lawsuit against the Library of Congress after officials backed out of a 2005 job offer when told of her intention to become a transsexual. At the time of the job interview for a position as a senior terrorism research analyst, David Schroer was a male. He had been a onetime Army Special Forces commander. U.S. District Court Judge James Robinson said Schroer's civil rights were violated. ""The evidence established that the Library was enthusiastic about hiring David Schroer -- until she disclosed her transsexuality,"" Robinson wrote. ""The Library revoked the offer when it learned that a man named David intended to become, legally, culturally and physically, a woman named Diane. This was discrimination 'because of ... sex.' "" The judge will later rule on what financial damages Schroer is due. ""It is especially gratifying that the court has ruled that discriminating against someone for transitioning is illegal,"" said Schroer in a statement from the ACLU, which represented her in court. ""I knew all along that the 25 years of experience I gained defending our country didn't disappear when I transitioned, so it was hard to understand why I was being turned down for a job doing what I do best just because I'm transgender. It is tremendously gratifying to have your faith in this country, and what is fundamentally right and fair, be reaffirmed."" After Schroer had retired from the military, she applied for a job at the Library of Congress. Court records show that Schroer, then a male, took her future boss to lunch to outline her transition to a female, as she planned to present herself as a female on her first day of the job. Schroer testified that on the day after the lunch, the job offer was rescinded, and she was told she wasn't a ""good fit"" for the library. The ACLU said the ruling sends a ""loud and clear"" message to employers against firing or refusing to hire someone for changing their gender. There was no immediate reaction from the library, which had claimed at trial that transgender people are not covered under federal anti-discrimination laws. The case is Schroer v. Billington (Cv-05-1090)."
"ARLINGTON, Virginia (CNN) -- The hallowed grounds of Arlington National Cemetery took on a different tone Monday -- the usually quiet and reverent resting place of fallen heroes was buzzing with volunteers, professional landscapers and their equipment during the annual ""Renewal and Remembrance"" project. Monday was the annual ""Renewal and Remembrance"" day at Arlington National Cemetery. ""Renewal"" was started more than 10 years ago by an Ohio lawn-care group that wanted to give a day of service to the cemetery outside Washington, according to Bill Hildebolt, spokesman for the Professional Landcare Network. ""It's grown fantastically from a few lawn-care operators to today we had over 400 individual PLANET members,"" he said Monday. Each year, volunteers take on several projects during the service day, including spreading lime over nearly 300 acres of the cemetery and installing irrigation systems, Hildebolt said. While the 95 companies participating Monday may normally compete for business in the lawn-care market, during Renewal the crews work together to honor the service members buried at Arlington. ""It's just a day of remembrance,"" said Jeff Dietrich of Pennsylvania-based Joshua Tree, who has been volunteering for four years. A crew of arborists from the Joshua Tree company took on one the most expensive projects -- protecting Arlington's biggest trees from lightning. According to Dietrich, the process of lightning protection is important for protecting a valuable part of history.  Watch how trees are protected  . ""Lightning, electricity is unpredictable at best. ... It'll blow a tree apart."" To protect a tree from lightning strikes, Dietrich and his crew climb up to the top of a tree and run copper wires down the trunk with anchors that resemble rifle cartridges. The wire is then grounded by a copper pole entrenched at the base of the tree. If lightning strikes, the electricity runs down the wire and dissipates into the ground instead of harming the tree. Even though it took the Joshua Tree crew longer to reach Arlington from Pennsylvania than the four hours needed to complete their work, the workers seemed eager for their chance to volunteer, cheering each other on while working and sharing some trade secrets with other crews. ""How many people can say they get to come down to Arlington, especially if they're not from around here, and climb some of these trees?"" said Deitrich. For Hildebolt, providing a service for the national cemetery is a way to make a national contribution. ""It's a privilege,"" he said. ""It's a very humbling experience that I'm very proud of."""
"(CNN) -- Severe storms hammered North Carolina on Sunday evening, but no fatalities had been reported as of Monday morning, and injuries were minor, officials said. Residents reported as many as eight tornadoes touching down -- overturning mobile homes, ripping out trees and plunging neighborhoods into darkness. Survey crews were meeting with local officials throughout the state to get a clearer picture of the storm damage, said Ernie Seneca, spokesman for the North Carolina Department of Crime Control and Public Safety. There were reports of damaged houses and downed trees, but injuries were limited, he said. ""It looks like people heeded the warning to seek shelter when the storm came,"" he said. ""It really did sound like a train. It was pure noise,"" said William Schlaeppi, who lives on a farm in High Point, North Carolina, where the National Weather Service reported damage to at least 20 homes. ""I literally watched my fields disappear in front of me under a wall of water -- circular, spinning water."" A broad band of severe thunderstorms Sunday brought heavy rain and hail, and prompted tornado warnings from Florida to Virginia, the weather service said. A tornado touched down in Oakland Park, Florida, just north of Fort Lauderdale, between 8 and 8:30 a.m. Monday, said Tyrone Mosley, a weather service specialist. There was debris but no immediate report of injuries, he said. In North Carolina, at least eight unconfirmed tornadoes were spotted along the Interstate 85 corridor between Charlotte and Greensboro on Sunday evening. Metal roofing was ripped off an industrial building in Belmont, west of Charlotte, littering nearby trees with clumps of yellow insulation. News14: Spencer residents survey damage after storm . Multiple mobile homes were overturned in Linwood, outside of Lexington, and at least three people were reported injured. And what looked like a huge funnel cloud loomed over High Point, near Greensboro. ""It's been a very active evening for most of central North Carolina,"" said Julia Jarema, spokeswoman for the state's Division of Emergency Management. The storms caused power outages throughout the state, but because of the multiple bands of storms, ""things are changing so rapidly, we haven't been able to confirm numbers,"" Jarema said Sunday night. Is severe weather happening near you? Send photos, video . Local law enforcement reported another tornado north of Greensboro, the weather service said. The storm also produced 70-mph winds and hail as large as baseballs. Late Sunday, High Point emergency management officials were going house to house to check for injuries. Schlaeppi said he spent much of the night in his darkened house, going out with his neighbors to clear downed trees whenever the rain let up. CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- After eight years together, MSNBC and Keith Olbermann are parting ways. A statement from NBC Universal revealed the move late Friday. ""MSNBC and Keith Olbermann have ended their contract,"" it read, ""The last broadcast of 'Countdown with Keith Olbermann' will be this evening. MSNBC thanks Keith for his integral role in MSNBC's success and we wish him well in his future endeavors."" At the end of his show Friday night, Olbermann announced his departure in typical deadpan style, evoking scenes from the film ""Network"" and thanking viewers for keeping him on the air for eight years. ""In the mundane world television goodbyes, reality is laughably uncooperative,"" Olbermann said before launching into a story about his exit from ESPN 13 years ago. ""As God as my witness, in the commercial break just before the emotional moment, the producer got into my earpiece and he said, 'um, can you cut it down to 15 seconds so we get in this tennis result from Stuttgart,'"" he said, half-smiling, pausing for composure. ""So I'm grateful I have a little more time to sign off here. Regardless this is the last edition of 'Countdown.' "" Olbermann thanked his crew and co-workers, with special praise for the man he called ""my greatest protector and most indefatigable cheerleader,"" Tim Russert, the host of NBC's ""Meet the Press"" who died in 2008. Olbermann was suspended for two days in November of 2010 after the news website Politico revealed donations made to to three Democrats seeking federal office. One of them was Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, who was wounded earlier this month in a mass shooting and attempted assassination in Tucson. He gave $2,400 -- the maximum individual amount allowed -- to Giffords' campaign, and the campaigns of Kentucky Senate candidate Jack Conway and Arizona Rep. Raul Grijalva. Conway lost his bid, while Grijalva and Giffords eked out wins. NBC said the donations violated a policy that requires employees of the news organization to obtain permission ahead of any political donations or activities that could be deemed as a conflict of interest. Olbermann complained publicly about his frustration with NBC's management. He made it clear that he resented the insinuation that he was attempting to hide his actions. ""When a website contacted NBC about one of the donations, I immediately volunteered that there were in fact three of them; and contrary to much of the subsequent reporting, I immediately volunteered to explain all this, on-air and off, in the fashion MSNBC desired,"" Olbermann also said in a statement released during the time. He also accused NBC of ""inconsistently""applying its policy and suspending him without first hearing his side of the story. CNN's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Fantasy author Terry Pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer's disease -- but says he plans to continue writing his multi-million selling Discworld books. Terry Pratchett, whose books have sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages. Pratchett, 59 -- whose books have, according to his Web site, sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages -- suffered what he called a ""phantom stroke"" earlier this year. In a statement titled ""an embuggerance"" on the Web site of Discworld illustrator Paul Kidby, Pratchett says that he has been diagnosed with what he terms ""a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer's."" ""I would have liked to keep this one quiet for a little while, but because of upcoming conventions and of course the need to keep my publishers informed, it seems to me unfair to withhold the news,"" says Pratchett, who has a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction. ""All other things being equal, I expect to meet most current and, as far as possible, future commitments but will discuss things with the various organisers,"" he continues. ""Frankly, I would prefer it if people kept things cheerful, because I think there's time for at least a few more books yet."" Pratchett adds that work is continuing on his next book ""Nation"" and that the ""basic notes are already being laid down for Unseen Academicals."" In a P.S. he adds that ""I would just like to draw attention to everyone reading the above that this should be interpreted as 'I am not dead'. I will, of course, be dead at some future point, as will everybody else. ""I know it's a very human thing to say 'Is there anything I can do', but in this case I would only entertain offers from very high-end experts in brain chemistry."" Pratchett's Discworld novels, of which 36 have been published to date, are set in a fantasy universe through which the author satirizes modern-day life. He says in a statement on his own Web site that the series ""started out as a parody of all the fantasy that was around in the big boom of the early '80s, then turned into a satire on just about everything, and even I don't know what it is now."" Pratchett, who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the 1960s, received the Order of the British Empire ""for services to literature"" from the Prince of Wales in 1998. E-mail to a friend ."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Britain's Queen Elizabeth II unveiled a new medal Wednesday to honor the families of British service personnel killed while serving their country. The Elizabeth Cross may be given to family members of service personnel who have died since 1948. The Elizabeth Cross will be given to the next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations or as a result of terrorism ""as a mark of national recognition for their loss,"" the Defense Ministry said. It is the first time the name of a reigning monarch has been given to a new award since the queen's father, King George VI, instituted the George Cross in 1940. That medal recognizes acts of bravery of both civilians and military personnel. The most prestigious medal, the Victoria Cross, was introduced by Queen Victoria in 1856 for acts of gallantry by the armed forces. ""This seems to me a right and proper way of showing our enduring debt to those who are killed while actively protecting what is most dear to us all,"" the queen said in a message to the armed forces. ""The solemn dignity which we attach to the names of those who have fallen is deeply ingrained in our national character. As a people, we accord this ultimate sacrifice the highest honor and respect."" The Elizabeth Cross is a sterling silver emblem in the shape of a cross over a wreath. In the center is the queen's monogram, EIIR, which stands for Elizabeth II Regina, or Queen Elizabeth II. At each of the four tips of the cross are floral symbols: a rose for England, a thistle for Scotland, a shamrock for Northern Ireland, and a daffodil for Wales. The reverse of the cross will be engraved with the name of the person who died. The name will also be written on a scroll signed by the queen, to be given to family members along with the medal, the Defense Ministry said. The award may be given to family members of all service personnel who have died since 1948. Charles Mosely, the former editor in chief of Debrett's, an authority on etiquette, said the Elizabeth Cross is a good way to recognize the sacrifice made by members of the military and their families. ""It seems very praiseworthy and very overdue,"" he said. It makes sense for the medal to be named after the reigning monarch, he said, because she is head of the armed forces. ""They have personal allegiance to the sovereign, a personal loyalty,"" he said."
London, England (CNN) -- AB de Villiers has broken the South African record for the highest individual score in a test innings with an unbeaten 278 against Pakistan in the second Test match at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi. It is the 10th time the 26-year-old has passed 100 in test matches and beats the previous best of 277 set by current captain Graeme Smith against England in 2003. De Villiers record 418-ball knock included 23 fours and six sixes helping South Africa to a first innings total of 584 for 9 declared on day two, after being put into bat by Pakistan's captain Misbah-ul-Haq on Saturday. Debutant Tanvir Ahmed was the pick of Pakistan's bowlers finishing with figures of 6 for 120. In reply, Pakistan got off to the worst possible start losing opener Mohammad Hafeez, trapped lbw to Dale Steyn, to the third ball of their innings. Pakistan managed to avoid any further scares before close of play, finishing on 59 for 1 with Taufeeq Umar (16) and Azhar Ali (34) still at the crease, but still trail South Africa by 525 runs. Meanwhile, India are in a commanding position after the second day of the third Test match against New Zealand in Nagpur. The home side finished on 292 for 2 after they bowled out New Zealand for 193 earlier in the day, giving them a first innings lead of 99 runs. The tourists could only add 45 runs to their overnight total of 148 for 7. Ishant Sharma finished with figures of 4 for 43 after claiming two of the three remaining wickets to fall in the morning session. India's openers Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag got off to a flier passing 50 in the eighth over. Both men recorded half centuries before Daniel Vettori bagged a catch off his own bowling to remove Sehwag for 74 in the 23rd over. Gambhir made a patient 78 before edging a catch to Ross Taylor at slip off the bowling of Tim Southee. But Rahul Dravid (69 not out) and Sachin Tendulkar (57 not out) steadied the ship, adding 100 for the third wicket before the close. India are now well placed to take the match and the series after the first two tests were drawn.
"(CNN) -- From the workshops of Rome to the catwalks of Paris, this month icon delves into the world of fashion. From the capital of couture, Myleene Klass goes back stage at Paris Fashion Week to find out what it takes to turn a clothing item into an icon. Valentino . For almost half a century at the head of his eponymous label, Valentino dressed the most glamorous women in the world, from Jackie Kennedy to Julia Roberts. His name has become synonymous with elegance and his fashion house remains just one of just fifteen that are officially allowed to call themselves ""haute couture."" Valentino invited icon to his home, a 17th century French chateau outside Paris, to take a look at some of his greatest designs. Anna Dello Russo . Paris Fashion Week -- a mecca for style watchers, trend surfers and the high priests of design. Between fashion shows, Myleene Klass goes to meet the fashion director of Japanese Vogue, Anna Dello Russo -- a self-confessed fashion addict who has 4,000 pairs of shoes to prove it. Her blog is visited by 25,000 users daily, who log on to see the latest outfits she is wearing. Myleene gets an exclusive look inside the closet of this modern-day style icon at her room in the Ritz. Louboutin . Fish scales, spider webs and the columns of buildings -- for Christian Louboutin, inspiration comes from the most unlikely of sources. The high priest of the high heel has transformed footwear into fantasy and the wearers into wonder women who walk tall. Louboutin prefers not to divulge his client list but his shoes aren't so discreet. They speak volumes as they flash their iconic red soles on the feet of pop stars and princesses -- from the First Lady of France, Carla Bruni, to Lady Gaga and Madonna. The styles of his shoes have changed over his 20-year career but one thing has remained the same -- the heels are always high. Icon went to the master cobbler's atelier in Paris to discover the sources of his inspiration and to see how a pair of stilettos are made. Watch the show at the times below:  Thursday 24 March: 1130, 1730 Saturday 26 March: 0630, 1500, 2230 Sunday 27 March: 0330, 0730, 1830 (All times GMT)"
(CNN) -- Barcelona took a giant stride towards retaining their Spanish league title with a 2-0 win over arch-rivals Real Madrid in Saturday's 'El Clasico' at the Santiago Bernabeu to go three points clear at the top of La Liga. Lionel Messi continued his remarkable scoring streak with his 40th of the season and 27th in the league in the first half with Pedro Rodriquez adding the second after the break. The devastating defeat ended Real's 12-match winning streak in La Liga and was their first at home at a decisive stage of the season with seven games to go. Messi broke the deadlock just after the half-hour mark as he was set up by a clever chipped pass from the irrepressible Xavi and turned Raul Albiol to beat Iker Casillas with ease. Messi's predecessor as World Footballer of the Year, Cristiano Ronaldo, could make little impression for Real who were struggling to create chances in front of their home fans. A Marcelo shot just after the break finally gave Victor Valdes some work in the Barca goal, but last year's triple winners were soon two-up with Xavi again the creator. His pin-point pass found Pedro in the clear and his cleverly beat the advancing Casillas for the decisive second. It finally sparked a Real reaction and Valdes had to save smartly from Rafael Van der Vaart before Ronaldo twice tested him. With Real pushing forward it was almost inevitable that Barca would have opportunities on the break and Messi wasted a chance when put through with only Casillas to beat, the Spanish international goalkeeper making a fine save. In the 77th minute, Casillas again came to the rescue after Xavi played in Messi again. Raul had the ball in the net for Real in the final frantic moments but it was chalked off for a handball by Karim Benzema and Barca held on for a deserved three points to cap a superb week which has seen them reach the Champions League semifinals where they will face Inter Milan. Inter were also in action in the Italian League on Saturday, held to a disappointing 2-2 draw by Fiorentina. Keirrison put Fiorentina ahead in the 11th minute but Jose Mourinho's men then took apparent control through Diego Milito (75) and Samuel Eto'o (81). But Per Kroldrup equalized for the Viola a minute later to leave Inter two points clear of Roma who can top them on Sunday with a win against Atalanta.
"New York (CNN) -- Attorneys for the family of a 9/11 victim said they will push forward with a wrongful death lawsuit against United Airlines and a private security company despite a federal judge's decision to dismiss the Massachusetts Port Authority from the suit. The lawsuit, originally filed in Manhattan federal court, alleges that Massport, United Airlines and security company Huntleigh USA were responsible for the security breaches that led to the death of Mark Bavis, 31, who was aboard United Flight 175 when it crashed into the World Trade Center's South Tower on September 11, 2001. Donald Migliori, an attorney for Bavis' family, said that Wednesday's dismissal of Massport -- the agency that owns and operates Boston Logan International Airport -- from the lawsuit was a disappointment, but that it narrows the case's focus around security on the airplane itself. ""It will be very targeted to United Airlines,"" he said of the lawsuit. ""United failed wholesale at keeping the American public safe."" The suit claims that security screeners at Logan International had trouble communicating in English, were unable to detect weapons such as the chemical spray Mace, and were operating under a general manager who was unaware of the al Qaeda terrorist threat. ""This was a tragic event and we are actively working to resolve this case,"" said United Airlines spokeswoman Megan McCarthy. From the start, the defendants have said they are not liable for the attacks. Massport filed a motion to dismiss in May, claiming that the Federal Aviation Administrations regulations for screening passengers and their baggage was the airline's responsibility, not the airport's. Massport was dismissed from the suit on Wednesday. ""The entire Logan airport community will forever carry in its heart the events of September 11, 2001,"" said Massport interim CEO David Mackey in a statement released after the dismissal. ""Our thoughts and prayers will always be with the victims of that tragic day and their families."" The Bavis family is one of 96 families who opted not to settle through the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund, Migliori said. Their lawsuit, which is the last remaining suit brought by family members of 9/11 victims, was filed in 2002. ""There are lessons that can be learned from this and they want those lessons to be viewed and not buried,"" Migliori said. The trial is set to start November 7. CNN's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report ."
MUMBAI, India (CNN) -- The lawyer for the main suspect in last year's deadly terrorist attack in Mumbai was removed Wednesday, delaying the high-profile trial that was set to begin. Soldiers patrol in Mumbai on the eve of the trial of a key suspect in last year's attacks in the Indian city. The trial start for Mohammed Ajmal Kasab, 21, is expected to be moved to Thursday as officials scramble to settle the lawyer issue. Kasab is thought to be the only one of 10 gunmen to survive the three-day siege, which killed more than 160 people in November. As the trial was to begin, the judge removed attorney Anjali Waghmare because she also was representing a witness in the case. Waghmare argued that she had no idea that the person was a witness in the terror case, and she was representing this person in a different case. But the judge declared that it was a conflict of interest. An Indian court appointed Waghmare two weeks ago to represent Kasab, and it was unclear who would replace her. Kasab demanded that his attorney be replaced with a Pakistani lawyer. But the judge denied that request and said that a Pakistani lawyer may be able to be brought in as a consultant from outside the courtroom. Kasab, a Pakistani national, faces more than a dozen charges, including murder, conspiracy to wage a war against the nation and terrorism. During the proceedings Wednesday Kasab seemed relaxed and smiled many time at the large crowd of journalists in the courtroom. Kasab also requested newspapers to be brought in so that he could see what the media was writing about him. Prosecutors last month accused him of trying to delay the trial by insisting that the 11,000-page document detailing the charges against him -- which was written in English and the local Marathi language -- be translated into Urdu, the official language of Pakistan. The court rejected his request. Wednesday's trial was to take place in a makeshift court set up in a jail where Kasab -- who has been communicating with the judge via videolink -- is being held. Indian authorities have long blamed the Mumbai attacks on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a Pakistan-based militant outfit, but the group has denied responsibility. The violence initially heightened tensions between the two nuclear states. India has urged Pakistan to destroy what it calls terrorist infrastructure in that country. The two nations are longtime rivals that have fought three wars since their independence from the British, and conducted countering nuclear weapons tests in 1998. CNN's Sara Sidner contributed to this report.
"Editor's Note: The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is VICE's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a very transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. Refugio Aviarios del Caribe, Costa Rica (VBS.TV) -- Sloths are fantastically weird animals, the junkies of the jungle who seem to spend their lives either nodding off or scratching and occasionally eating a bean or two before drifting back to what looks like a blissful sleep. I've always been a fan of sloths. They're wonderfully freaky, yet perfectly adapted to their slow arboreal lifestyle. Their nerves have even evolved to react slower so they don't flinch at loud noises, making them nature's most chilled-out animals. They have very few natural predators and the only time they're vulnerable is when they leave the trees once a week and descend to the ground to poo. This behavior has befuddled scientists for many years. One of the theories is that their solitary lifestyle affords few chances to hook up with the opposite sex and these toilet stops are a good way to meet other sloths. See the rest of ""Sloths!"" at VBS.TV . But evolution didn't prepare sloths for the power lines and roads that now crisscross Costa Rica's jungles. The babies of mama sloths who have been run over or zapped by electricity wind up at the Aviaros del Caribe sanctuary in Costa Rica. It's the world's only sloth orphanage, home to more than 100 very sleepy urchins whose lives have been saved by legendary sloth whisperer Judy Arroyo. If you fall for these animals like I did then you can join the sanctuary's volunteer program. Trainee sloth wranglers get to feed the sloths and help exercise and potty train the babies. The sanctuary runs on donations and volunteers, so you can do your bit by helping these vulnerable creatures whose jungle home, some say, is being slowly destroyed by pesticides, sold off to U.S. real estate agencies, and sliced up by roads and power lines."
"Tehran, Iran (CNN) -- International officials arrived in Iran on Sunday to inspect a newly disclosed nuclear facility near the city of Qom, state media reported. Inspectors from the United Nations' nuclear watchdog -- the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) -- will visit the installation to make sure it is being used for peaceful purposes, said Ali Akbar Salehi, the head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran, according to the Islamic Republic News Agency. The three-day visit comes after Iran said Friday that it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a deal that could help end the international showdown over its nuclear activities. That proposal calls for low-enriched uranium produced in Iran to be sent abroad for further enrichment and then returned for use in medical research and treatment. Tehran is studying the draft proposal and will have an answer next week, Iranian diplomat Ali Asghar Soltanieh said on state-run Press TV. Iran informed IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei that it is ""considering the proposal in depth and in a favorable light, but it needs until the middle of next week to provide a response,"" according to an IAEA statement. Delegations from Iran, France, Russia, the United States and the IAEA met in Vienna this week to work out details of the tentative deal reached in early October. And France, Russia and the United States indicated their approval of the arrangement. ""The Director General hopes that Iran's response will equally be positive, since approval of this agreement will signal a new era of cooperation,"" the IAEA statement said. Tehran sent shock waves through the international community by revealing in a letter to the IAEA the existence of a second nuclear enrichment facility near Qom. ""It is important for us to send out inspectors to do comprehensive verification ... to assure ourselves that it is ... fit for peaceful purposes,"" ElBaradei said earlier this month. After the inspection, but before the end of the month, Iranian officials are expected to meet with the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States -- plus Germany to further discuss Tehran's nuclear program. Iran's leaders maintain that their nation's nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes, but many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities. Low-enriched nuclear fuel can be further enriched into weapons-grade material."
"(CNN)  -- Cristie Kerr is the first player from the United States to top the women's world rankings after her runaway victory in the LPGA Championship at Locust Hill Country Club in New York. Kerr carded a six-under final round 66 for a 19-under 269 total, leaving her 12 shots clear of the best in women's golf. It was a record victory margin in the LPGA Championship, beating the 11-shot win for fellow American Betsy King in 1992. Kerr was claiming her 14th career victory on the LPGA Tour and winning her second major after the 2007 U.S. Open. She led from start to finish as rounds of 68, 66 and 69 left her eight shots clear going into Sunday's final round. ""It's a dream performance,"" Kerr told the official LPGA Tour website. ""It's like you wake up or you dream -- I can't even speak right now. Winning by two or three is great, but winning by 12 shots is ridiculous. It's obscene."" Kerr made sure of her victory by following six straight pars with three birdies in four holes around the turn. South Korea's Kim Song-Hee finished second with Japan's Ai Miyazato tied for third with South Korea's Shin Jiyai. Miyazato still leads the official money list after winning four times this season, but Kerr has overtaken her at the top of the official world rankings. She went into the major in fifth spot. Miyazato, who needed to finish in second place to keep top spot was impressed with Kerr's performance. ""That's almost too good,"" Miyazato said. ""She's just amazing. I played really good, too, but she is just better than me."" The close race for world number one will continue at the Jamie Farr Owens Corning Classic in Ohio next weekend, but Kerr will skip the tournament to rest ahead of the U.S. Women's Open on July 8. Kerr is fully aware she will now come under pressure for the top ranking. ""I'm there now, but I have to prove that I deserve to be there,"" Kerr said. ""So there is still a lot of work ahead. But it feels awfully good right now."""
"ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN)  -- A judge has ordered the children of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to meet in their capacity as the sole shareholders of the corporation that manages their iconic father's estate. Dexter King has denied taking ""substantial funds"" from his parents' estates. King's children were in Fulton County, Georgia, Superior Court Monday in a dispute over their parents' estates. Two children of the civil rights icon are suing their brother, accusing him of wrongfully taking money from their parents' estates. The Rev. Bernice King and Martin Luther King III allege Dexter King took ""substantial funds"" out of Coretta Scott King's estate and ""wrongfully appropriated"" money from their father's estate. Dexter King has publicly denied the accusations. It was unclear what outcome having a shareholder meeting for the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr., Inc. would have on the dispute. The three siblings have not held such a meeting since 2004, corporation attorney Luke Lantta said. The removal of Dexter King as the estate's administrator is unlikely because that would require a meeting of the board of directors. Judge Ural Glanville on Monday also ruled in favor of dismissing some of the allegations against Dexter King, but left the question of whether he failed to act in the best interest of his father's incorporated estate to a jury. A trial on the allegation of breach of fiduciary duty could happen as early as next month. The lawsuit reveals a very public fissure in an iconic family that has always professed unity, particularly as questions have swirled around some of their financial dealings. Martin Luther King III and Bernice King were in the courtroom Monday, but Dexter King was not. He had been injured in an accident in California and did not make the trip to Georgia. Dexter King had filed a counter claim against his sister, asking the court to force her to hand over to the corporation some items that belonged to Martin Luther King Jr. In a special hearing Monday, the court ruled that the items, including Martin Luther King Jr.'s Nobel Peace Prize and his love letters to Coretta Scott King will be turned over to the court to hold until a resolution is reached. The courtroom was packed with supporters of the King family. Among those in attendance were the Rev. Joseph Lowery and former Ambassador Andrew Young, friends of Martin Luther King Jr. who worked with him during the civil rights movement. CNN's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Two goals in three minutes from Abby Wambach and Alex Morgan put the United States into the final of the Women's World Cup with a 3-1 victory over France Wednesday. The teams were tied at 1-1 until Wambach powered home a 79th minute header before young substitute Morgan sealed the victory with a cool finish. The United States will play Japan, who beat Sweden 3-1 in the second semifinal in Frankfurt to continue their superb run in the competition. Lauren Cheney had put the U.S. ahead in the Borussia-Park stadium in Moenchengladbach as early as the ninth minute. But France, who had beaten England on penalties in a dramatic quarterfinal, responded by dominating possession. Their deserved equalizer came in the 55th minute when Sonia Bompastor's dangerous ball into the penalty area eluded U.S. goalkeeper Hope Solo without getting a further touch. At this point, France looked the more likely winners, but United States coach Pia Sundhage quickly introduced Morgan and Megan Rapinoe from the bench to change the course of the game. SI.com: 3 keys to the match . Prolific striker Wambach put them ahead with a thumping header from a Cheney corner which left French goalkeeper Berangere Sapowicz with no chance. The excellent Rapinoe then played in Morgan with a neat pass and she chipped Sapowicz to wrap up the victory. But Sundhage ackowledged they had been thoroughly tested by a French side who played with considerable flair. ""I think France played very well. We lost our legs in the second half but then we picked it up,"" she told Eurosport. The reigning Olympic champions are bidding for a record third World Cup title after winning in 1991 and 1999 before hosts Germany claimed the crown in 2003 and 2007. Japan caused the upset of the tournament by stunning the Germans 1-0 in the quarterfinals and they showed their qualities again with a later impressive win over Sweden to make a World Cup final for the first time in their history. Sweden made a fast start as striker Josefine Oqvist thumped the opener past Japan goalkeeper Ayumi Kaihori on 10 minutes. But Japan striker Nahomi Kawasumi equalized with a fine individual goal nine minutes later and put them ahead after the break. Captain Homare Sawa wrapped up the Japan win with her fourth goal in five games as her side beat top European opposition for the second straight game. They will return to Frankfurt for Sunday's final against the United States."
(CNN) -- Paraguay booked a place in the last eight of the World Cup for the very first time in their history at the expense of Japan but only after a dramatic penalty shoot out in Pretoria. Japan's Yuichi Komano missed the crucial spot kick and Paraguay striker Oscar Cardozo was the man to seal the game with the winning penalty, as his side triumphed 5-3. Neither side created many chances during 120 minutes of disappointing football, though Japan's Daisuke Matsui hit the crossbar and Paraguay forced goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima into a couple of smart saves. In the end, Paraguay held its nerve from 12 yards to make it to the quarterfinals, where they will face the winners of Tuesday's other last 16 clash between Spain and Portugal. After a quiet opening 20 minutes at Loftus Versfeld Stadium Paraguay fashioned the first opening when Lucas Barrios got into the area and forced Japan goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima into a good low save. Seconds later, Daisuke Matsui struck the bar from 25 yards with a looping shot. Manchester City striker Roque Santa Cruz was the next to go close as he latched onto a loose ball in the area but he dragged his shot wide. Five minutes before halftime Japan created a chance for Keisuke Honda after Matsui squared the ball to him on the edge of the box. He elected to shoot, and sliced his shot wide, when Yoshito Okubo was unmarked to his left. Chances were few and far between for the rest of half as Japan sat deep and made themselves difficult to break down. After the break Nestor Ortigoza worked his way into the penalty area but failed to get a shot off before Cristian Riveros flashed a header right at Kawashima. Japan defender Marcus Tulio Tanaka went close with a header from a corner but both sides struggled to open each other up. As the end of 90 minutes loomed both sides retreated, more than happy to sit back rather than launch men forward, and the game duly went into extra time. Paraguay pressed forward after the restart and substitute Edgar Barreto tested Kawashima with a header, before the 'keeper had to dive at Nelson Valdez's feet to prevent him scoring. Honda then forced Paraguay 'keeper Justo Villar into a save with a free-kick. In the second half of extra time Japan came close to a winner when Yuto Nagatomo's cross was met by Honda but Villar saved, but the game went to penalties. The first six penalties were converted before Komano smashed his shot against the crossbar. Then Cardozo held his nerve to clinch the game.
"(CNN) -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho insisted his team can still win Spain's La Liga despite their humiliating 5-0 defeat to arch-rivals Barcelona in the Camp Nou on Monday night. Mourinho admitted Real had suffered a ""much deserved loss"" in the first Clasico clash of the season, but claimed it was not a true reflection of the abilities of the two sides. ""It wasn't an embarrassment,"" the 47-year-old told a post-match press conference. ""It's the biggest loss of my career but it's an easy loss to swallow because it's a loss in a game that you have no chance of winning."" ""[There was] a team that played to its maximum potential and a team that played very poorly. It's a much deserved loss, but again, it was an easy loss to swallow."" Five-star Barcelona thrash Real Madrid . It was Mourinho's first defeat since arriving at the Bernabeu and left reigning champions Barcelona two points clear of Los Blancos at the of the top of the standings. But with 25 matches still remaining in Spanish season, the Portuguese is still optimistic his team can hit back. ""The league championship will be decided a long time from now,"" he said. ""After the match, I told the players that the league isn't over yet. We have to have mental fortitude. ""When you win important things, you have a reason to cry for joy and when someone scores five against you, you have to leave with an eagerness to play the next game. ""Barcelona is a finished product. Real Madrid, even though it has been playing well, isn't a finished product. But the result today was not indicative of the difference that exists between both teams."" The match had been billed as a clash between two of the world's best and most evenly-matched teams, but Pep Guardiola's men dominated in front of their home fans. They were 2-0 up inside 20 minutes through goals from Xavi and Pedro. A brace from David Villa and a late strike by substitute Jeffren completed the humiliation and Barca coach Guardiola could not have been more satisfied. ""How we did it, that makes us proud,"" he told the club's official website. ""Now just let us sit back and enjoy that win."" He singled out Argentina ace Lionel Messi, who emerged on top in his personal duel with Real's fellow superstar Cristiano Ronaldo. ""Messi is the best of them all. In all aspects of his game he is just the best."" Mourinho will hope his team can bounce back in a difficult home fixture against fifth-placed Valencia on Saturday, while Barcelona travel to Osasuna on the same day."
"LONDON, England (CNN)  -- A Russian naval ship rescued a Dutch container vessel under attack by suspected Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden, the head of the International Maritime Bureau said Wednesday. The Liberian-flagged oil tanker Sirius Star was recently released by pirates off Somalia. Two or three pirate speedboats were chasing the Dutch ship, with the goal of boarding it, when the Russians intervened, said Capt. Pottengal Mukundan, director of the International Maritime Bureau in London. He said the pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the Dutch ship, but no injuries were reported. The incident occurred about midday Tuesday. The Russians chased one of the speedboats but the pirates got away, Mukundan said. He said he did not know where the Dutch ship was headed. ""It is important that the naval vessels continue to respond robustly to these pirates,"" he said.  Watch how attacks peaked in 2008  . Hijackings off the coast of East Africa have become a growing international concern, prompting a number of foreign navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden and neighboring coastal areas. The Gulf of Aden links the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea. About 20,000 oil tankers, freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route near Somalia each year. Most of the attacks are blamed on pirates based in largely lawless Somalia, a country racked by poverty and conflict. Watch CNN's exclusive interview with a pirate . According to the United Nations, there were 115 reported pirate attacks off the Somali coast in 2008, including 46 successful hijackings. Read blog on how CNN contacted a pirate . The troubling rise in Somali piracy has led the United Nations to step up efforts to tackle the crime. The first U.N. group to address piracy met Wednesday in New York. Mark Kimmitt, U.S. assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs chaired the ""contact group"" of two dozen nations and five multi-national organizations. He said the group was formed to ""establish a counter-piracy coordination mechanism,"" and the members believe more can be done to halt piracy. Still, Kimmitt noted that less than one percent of manifests off the Somali coast are attacked by pirates and only 50 percent of those have crew and passengers taken hostage. The U.N. Security Council adopted a resolution in December expanding counter-piracy measures off the Horn of Africa, including a stipulation that allows national and regional military forces to chase pirates onshore in Somalia when in ""hot pursuit."""
"Buenos Aires, Argentina (CNN) -- Latin America's first same-sex marriage, set to be held in Argentina on Tuesday, appeared derailed after a judge filed an injunction to stop the union until the issue can be reviewed further. Judge Marta Gomez Alsina's ruling blocks an earlier holding by another judge that found city laws banning same-sex marriage unconstitutional, the court said in a statement. Alex Freyre and Jose Maria di Bello had planned to make their marriage official at a civil ceremony and chose December 1 because it is World AIDS Day. The registrar responsible for the civil marriages in Buenos Aires has been notified of the ruling, the court said. The couple would attempt to get their wedding license anyway, the official Telam news agency reported. ""We're continuing with the preparations because we, as planners, nor the couple itself, have not been notified"" of the injunction, said Maria Rachid, president of the Argentine Federation for Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals and Transsexuals, according to the news agency. Gomez Alsina's injunction could not overturn the earlier ruling because she is a trial-level judge and not an appellate judge, Rachid said. The original ruling was made on November 10 by another trial-level judge, Gabriela Seijas, who responded to a petition made by Freyre and di Bello. Seijas ruled that the ban on same-sex marriage was illegal and ordered the proper authorities to grant the couple a marriage license if they applied for one. The court's decision applied only to Buenos Aires. Same-sex unions in most of Argentina remain illegal. ""The law should treat each person with equal respect in relation to each person's singularities without the need to understand or regulate them,"" Seijas said in her ruling. Buenos Aires Mayor Mauricio Macri said after the ruling that his government would not appeal the decision. Monday's ruling was a temporary measure to postpone the marriage until Seijas' original ruling could be reviewed in depth, presumably by an appeals court or the supreme court, the court statement said . Countries in Latin America, a region strongly identified with the Catholic Church, have recently given more attention to gay rights. In September Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same-sex adoption. Brazil, Colombia and Ecuador are also addressing the issue of same-sex civil unions."
"(CNN) -- Authorities have found what they believe to be the remains of Breeann Rodriguez, a 3-year-old Missouri girl whose neighbor told police he had suffocated the girl with a plastic bag and then tossed her from a highway. A Missouri State Highway Patrol officer found the remains Tuesday evening along a ditch northeast of Hornersville, Missouri, about 8 to 10 miles from the girl's home in Senath, said Dunklin County Prosecuting Attorney Stephen Sokoloff said. He said the remains are expected to be sent for forensic examination on Wednesday. In a statement, Dunklin County Sheriff Bob Holder thanked the community for its assistance. ""We are saddened to confirm our fears, but glad we are able to recover her remains for her parents,"" Holder said. Earlier Tuesday, 43-year-old Shawn Morgan of Senath appeared in court. He has been charged with first-degree murder in connection with Breeann's death. Breeann was last seen on August 6, riding her pink bicycle with her brother outside their home. Morgan does not yet have an attorney. The August 30 court appearance will be a counsel status hearing, the prosecutor's office said Tuesday. According to a probable cause affidavit dated Saturday, police interviewed Morgan on Friday at the police department in Kennett, a larger community about 10 miles northeast of Senath. The suspect said that he spotted the girl standing on a ladder by the pool in his backyard. He told police that he grabbed the girl and carried her inside his house. There, according to the affidavit, the man ""suffocated the girl with a white plastic trash bag, by holding it over her face and mouth. ""Morgan states that he felt like it took an hour for the girl to die,"" the document adds. It says Morgan told police he put the girl's body into the same trash bag, and then drove to Missouri's Highway 164 and got rid of the body by throwing it over a railing into a floodway ditch. After returning home, Morgan said, he then dismantled the girl's bike and dumped it into another, related waterway, the document says. A bicycle was recovered there and identified by Edgar Rodriguez as belonging to Breeann, his daughter. Police said last week that they had found two training wheels similar to those on the girl's bike. In addition to murder, Sokoloff said in a statement Saturday that Morgan is charged with armed criminal action and tampering with physical evidence. The suspect, who Sokoloff said has three children of his own, is being held at the Dunklin County Justice Center. CNN's Marlena Baldacci and Greg Botelho contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- A self-help guru who was convicted in the deaths of three participants in an Arizona sweat lodge ceremony deserves a new trial, his attorneys argued Tuesday. James Arthur Ray was found guilty of negligent homicide in the deaths of the participants, but an Arizona jury in June deemed him not guilty of manslaughter charges. Negligent homicide means a defendant should have known better, while manslaughter suggests that the defendant knew and blatantly disregarded this knowledge. Ray's attorneys went before a Superior Court judge in Yavapai County, Arizona, claiming he should be tried again because of prosecutorial misconduct, a court official said. The official, who was not authorized to speak to the media, said the hearing started shortly after 11 a.m. MT and ran until a lunch break. The hearing is scheduled to run for the rest of the day. The defense claims the prosecution did not disclose evidence on time. Ray's sentencing, originally scheduled for July 25, has been pushed back. The case stems from an October 2009 ceremony in Sedona, Arizona. Prosecutors claimed that Ray's recklessness in operating the sweat lodge caused the deaths of Kirby Brown, 38, of Westtown, New York; James Shore, 40, of Milwaukee; and Lizbeth Marie Neuman, 49, of Prior Lake, Minnesota. At least 15 others who took part in the sweat lodge ceremony became ill. More than 40 others were uninjured. Prosecutors argued that the lodge, made of willow trees and branches and covered with tarpaulins and blankets, was heated to a perilously high temperature, causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke. They also said Ray didn't monitor the temperature inside the lodge or the well-being of participants and was indifferent to those clearly having trouble. Ray's lawyers countered that what happened was a tragic accident, not a crime. They asked witnesses who were in the sweat lodge whether they signed a release form warning them of the dangers. All replied that they signed, but some said they didn't read the form. Ray's attorneys also suggested that exposure to an unknown toxin in the lodge -- perhaps a pesticide, rat poison or something in the type of wood used to heat the rocks -- could have caused the deaths. Event participants paid up to $10,000 to seek ""new areas of consciousness"" at the October 2009 Spiritual Warrior retreat in the desert, according to trial testimony. Many had attended previous James Ray International seminars."
"(CNN) -- Paraguay striker Roque Santa Cruz hopes to revive his stalled career after securing a return to his old stomping ground at English Premier League club Blackburn Rovers. The 29-year-old has left high-flying Manchester City on loan for the rest of this season, having failed to make an impact following his $28 million move from Blackburn in mid-2009. ""I feel like I am coming home. This has been the easiest decision of my career,"" he told the Blackburn website on Friday. ""I want to get playing and scoring goals again, and this is a real chance for me to prove myself after a frustrating period. Everyone knows what Blackburn Rovers means to me."" Santa Cruz scored 29 goals in two seasons at Ewood Park after joining on a free transfer from German club Bayern Munich, and he followed former Rovers manager Mark Hughes to City. Who will be the bargain signings of the January sales? But he initially struggled with injury and failed to impress Hughes' successor Roberto Mancini as Carlos Tevez, Emmanuel Adebayor, Mario Balotelli and recent signing Edin Dzeko have taken precedence. Mancini has this week also allowed former England defender Wayne Bridge to join the Premier League's bottom club West Ham on loan for the rest of this season. Blackburn have missed out with ambitious bids for Ronaldinho and David Beckham since Venky's took over the club, but manager Steve Kean believes the move for Santa Cruz is proof of the Indian owners' commitment to success. ""That is something that shows the fans we can now go and compete, and we can see off other teams -- not only in this country but abroad,"" he said. Italian club Genoa have signed Argentina international striker Mauro Boselli on loan until the end of this season from struggling English club Wigan. The 25-year-old has struggled to make an impact since joining from Estudiantes, where he was top scorer in last season's Primera Clasura. ""At the moment he is not in a position where he can help the club, and I am confident he will come back a better and stronger player after his stay in Italy,"" Wigan's Spanish manager Roberto Martinez told the club's website. South Africa's World Cup midfielder Steven Pienaar is expected to leave English club Everton after manager David Moyes revealed on Friday that a bid had been accepted for the player. The 28-year-old, who has been linked with Tottenham and Inter Milan, is out of contract at the end of this season, and has turned down a new deal. ""We have had two offers -- one of which has been accepted -- and we have given permission for his representatives to speak to the club involved,"" Moyes told the Everton website."
"(CNN) -- English Premier League side Liverpool were beaten by two penalties in Lisbon as Benfica came from behind to grasp the advantage in their Europa League quarterfinal. The Portuguese club suffered a nightmare start when Daniel Agger put the visitors in front after just nine minutes with a neat back heel from Steven Gerrard's free kick. But just after the half hour mark Liverpool were reduced to ten men when Ryan Babel clashed with defender Luisao after he had fouled Spanish striker Fernando Torres. Babel appeared to put his hands in Luisao's face and the referee produced a red card. It took Benfica less than 30 minutes to press home their advantage when Liverpool defender Emiliano Insua brought down Pablo Aimar inside the box and conceded a penalty. Oscar Cardozo converted the spot kick and was given the chance to put his side into the lead when the referee adjudged Jamie Carragher had handled in the area on 79 minutes. Again Cardozo made no mistake from the spot. The return leg is at Anfield next Thursday. Fulham vanquished seasoned European opponents again as they defeated German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 at Craven Cottage. Striker Bobby Zamora gave the English side the lead on 59 minutes with a precise curling shot from the edge of the area. Irish winger Damien Duff made it 2-0 just four minutes later as he converted Zamora's pass. But in the final minute Wolfsburg scored a vital away goal as Alexander Madlung emphatically headed home Zvjezdan Misimovic's cross. After the game Fulham manager Roy Hodgson told ESPN television: ""Wolfsburg are a good team but tonight I thought we made them look reasonably ordinary."" The all-Spanish tie between Valencia and Atletico Madrid finished 2-2. Uruguayan striker Diego Forlan put Atletico in front on 59 minutes but Manuel Fernandes equalized shortly after for the home side. Atletico struck again through Antonio Lopez only for Spain forward David Villa to rescue a draw for Valencia. In the evening's other match Hamburg beat Belgian side Standard Liege 2-1 in Germany. A strike from Deiudonne Mbokani gave Liege an early advantage but goals from Mladen Petric and Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy secured Hamburg a lead to take into the second leg."
"(CNN)  -- Hosts Angola were denied victory by an incredible Mali comeback to force a 4-4 draw in the opening match of the troubled Africa Cup of Nations in Luanda on Sunday. Angola appeared headed for an emphatic victory when they led 4-0 with only 16 minutes remaining before Mali produced one of the most remarkable recoveries in the history of the competitive football. Barcelona's Seydou Keita with a double, a brilliant Frederic Kanoute header and finally, deep into injury time, the equalizer from substitute Mustapha Yatabare completed the great escape. The dramatic match went ahead against the tragic backdrop of the murderous machine gun attack on the Togo team bus in Cabinda on Friday, which left two dead and several injured. Angolan president Jose Eduardo dos Santos issued a rallying call in his speech to mark the official opening of the competition, which was attended by several heads of state, including South Africa's Jakob Zuma whose country hosts the World Cup finals later this year. ""Despite the terrorist attack, Cabinda will remain a hosting city,"" he said. ""There is no need to be afraid."" After the speeches and fireworks, Angola proceeded to do their country proud with a dominant first half perfomance against a desperately disappointing Mali side, who were one of the pre-tournament favorites. Flavio Armado put them two ahead by the break with headed goals in the 36th and 42nd minutes. Mali pressed hard at the start of the second half with their captain Mahamadou Diarra denied by a point-blank save, but their efforts were undermined when they conceded a 65th minute penalty which Gilberto converted at the second attempt. Gilberto was then brought down by Keita to concede another soft penalty and Manucho slotted home the fourth to send the home fans in the 11th of November stadium wild with delight. Their appeared little danger when Keita scrambled the ball home in the 79th minute from a corner and alarm bells were still to ring when Sevilla striker Kanoute at last showed his quality with an 88th-minute second goal. But Keita struck a third on the stroke of nomal time and with Angola's defense in total disarray it was left to Yatabare to make a name for himself with the leveler."
"(Wired) -- Unmanned aircraft, for all their utility, are fairly simple beasts. They're good at taking direction, but they're not so good at processing information on their own. Now the Air Force figures it's time for drones to get a lot smarter, especially as they take off or land. As anyone who's ever flown knows, the runway is a crowded place. Planes on the runway queue up to get airborne. Planes in the air have to coordinate with Air Traffic Control for the order in which they can safely land, taking precautions not to get in anyone's way until it's their turn. There's a fair amount of information to rapidly process in order to avoid collisions and other accidents. Pilots can handle that information load. Drones can't. Yet. It's one of the big reasons why the Federal Aviation Administration has been so reluctant to allow unmanned aircraft to fly over the U.S. Even robotic flights over relatively unpopulated areas along the southern border have been canceled when there's the most routine technical hiccups. On Tuesday, the Air Force Research Laboratory at Ohio's Wright-Patterson Air Force Base said it'll soon solicit engineers to design an algorithm to allow drones to ""integrate seamlessly"" with piloted planes for takeoff and landing. In the algorithm-driven future that the labs want to build, drones will be equipped a database of terminal procedures; link up with Air Traffic Control; and ""recognize the intent of other aircraft."" For instance: aircraft landing on parallel runways can appear to be on a collision course before they turn and land. Right now, a drone would simply perceive that a plane's trajectory is going to remain unchanged, making it a threat for collision. But a capable algorithm would let the drone process Air Traffic Control information like basic airfield maps to know that there's no actual danger from the oncoming piloted plane. ""The developed algorithm(s), optimally, would require no more a priori information than a human pilot,"" the labs instruct. ""Intent analysis should be accurate, reliable and real-time, enabling quick and appropriate decisions that are necessary in this time critical environment."" There's a clear commercial application here. As Wired mentioned on Wednesday, FedEx is starting to think about an airfleet of linked-up drones that can fly in formation at the direction of a piloted aircraft. Building algorithms that can let drones process complex information in congested airspace sounds like a useful step toward that futuristic cargo fleet. Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here! Copyright 2010 Wired.com."
"(CNN) -- Robin van Persie scored early and late in the game to secure a 2-1 victory for his struggling Arsenal team over Sunderland at the Emirates Stadium Sunday. The Dutch international's opener after just 31 seconds was the quickest in their English Premier League history but it needed his curling free kick with 10 minutes to go to grab the three points. Sunderland, struggling just above the relegation zone, weathered the early storm before equalizing with a virtuoso free kick from former Gunner Sebastian Larsson in the 31st minute. But Arsenal were the better side in the first half and got their reward when top scorer Van Persie struck again. Manager Arsene Wenger used his program notes to dispel rumors that Van Persie would be leaving in the next transfer window and the player himself told Sky Sports after the match that he was ""committed"" to Arsenal. The victory lifts them into top half of the table for the first time this season, but they still trail leaders Manchester City by 12 points. Tottenham beat Arsenal in the north London derby game before the international break and were held later Sunday 2-2 at Newcastle. Tottenham, bidding for their fifth straight league win, twice led through a Rafael van der Vaart penalty just before halftime and then substitute Jermain Defoe's clinical strike. But Ibrahim Ba and substitute Shola Ameobi twice pulled them back and it was Newcastle, unbeaten this season, who were pressing at the end. They stay in fourth place, with Tottenham in sixth having played a game less. In the other game played Sunday, West Bromwich Albion pulled clear of the relegation zone with a 2-0 Black Country derby win over Wolves, who have lost five straight. There was a goal drought in Italy's Serie A as only one of 12 teams in action in the afternoon fixtures Sunday managed to score . Juventus were held 0-0 at Chievo and Udinese, who finished with 10 men, failed to score at Atalanta. The results left Juve ahead of Udinese at the top on goals scored. The only positive result came at Novara where visitors Bologna won 2-0 to move off the bottom. In German Bundesliga action, struggling Hamburg scored only the second win of their campaign with a 2-1 victory at Freiburg. Hamburg stay bottom, just behind FC Augsburg, but secured three points through goals from Korean Heung Min Son and Ivo Ilicevic with a penalty. Papiss Cisse equalized for the home side but missed a late penalty for a second leveler."
"MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- Mexican authorities said they have arrested the leader of a drug cartel that set off two grenades during a public celebration in September, killing eight people and wounding more than 100. Cesar Duarte, president of the federal chamber of deputies, says he supports the government plan on narcotrafficking. Alberto Espinoza Barron, known as ""the Strawberry,"" heads the ""Michoacan Family,"" which operates in the Mexican states of Michoacan and Mexico, authorities said. Officials say the cartel set off the two grenades September 15 in the public plaza in Morelia, the capital of Michoacan. Espinoza Barron's arrest Monday, which officials did not confirm until Tuesday, came just days after Mexican officials arrested an army major assigned to a guard unit protecting Mexican President Felipe Calderon. The army major, Arturo Gonzalez Rodriguez, was paid as much as $100,000 a month for passing information to a drug cartel, officials said after the officer's arrest Friday. Espinoza Barron's arrest by the military as part of its permanent presence in Michoacan came at a time when some are questioning the military's role in the war against narcotics traffickers. ""I believe that we need to totally change our strategies since the results have been awful,"" said Juan Francisco Rivera of the Mexican Commission on National Security. ""It's not me who is saying that, because the president himself has recognized it. I don't believe the country is willing to keep committing errors."" Others believe that the military, known by the acronym SEDENA, is the only institution capable of confronting organized crime. ""The participation by SEDENA is necessary because there is a threat and harm to national security,"" said Guillermo Velasco, member of an organization called Better Society, Better Government. ""It's known that many of the successes have come from the work done by military intelligence and investigation."" Amid this debate, the secretary for national defense recently proposed a 60-year prison term for any military member linked to organized crime. ""We believe the national defense secretary's position is adequate,"" said Cesar Duarte, president of the federal chamber of deputies. ""We support him with respect to implementing major punishment for elements that are infiltrated or compromised with narcotrafficking."" In many parts of the country, narcotraffickers constantly recruit low-level soldiers. The secretary of defense has said that in the past seven years about 100,000 soldiers have quit to join the drug cartels."
"Berlin, Germany (CNN) -- The German Cabinet met Wednesday to discuss ways of tackling child abuse in the Catholic church and other institutions as a new allegation surfaced against a suspended priest. Government ministers discussed the makeup of a round table on child abuse and prevention, set to meet April 23. The government also named a special representative for child abuse matters. Christine Bergmann is a former minister for family affairs and her post should now be a go-to point for victims of child abuse, the government said. The new allegation is against the Reverend Peter Hullermann, who was convicted of abusing minors in 1986. Hullermann's case made headlines in Germany last week when it emerged the archdiocese ignored warnings to keep him away from children when it was headed by Pope Benedict XVI, who was then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger. A news release from the Archdiocese of Munich identified him only as ""suspended Reverend H"" and says the abuse allegedly happened in 1998 in the town of Garching, near Munich, but Hullermann was the only one serving there at the time who has now been suspended. The statute of limitations on the case has not expired, the archdiocese said. The alleged victim was under age at the time, it said. After his conviction in 1986, Hullermann was given an 18-month suspended sentence and a fine of 4,000 deutschmarks (about $2,000 at the time). But he was then allowed to resume his priestly work and he continued to work with children, even though a psychoanalyst who had examined him demanded that Hullermann never be allowed to interact with minors again. The psychoanalyst, Werner Huth, had regularly done psychoanalytical evaluations for the church and had Hullermann in therapy from 1980 to 1992. Huth told CNN last week he does not believe Pope Benedict was ever aware that Hullermann had returned to service, but Huth said he warned other church officials about the priest's pedophilia many times. Garching Mayor Wolfgang Reichenwallner told CNN the archdiocese never informed him that Hullermann had a history of pedophilia. The archdiocese said the case has been sent to the state prosecutor's office and that no further information will be given. Hullermann was suspended earlier this month as information about his past started coming to light. -- CNN's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Arctic reindeer herders in northern Scandinavia are getting a view from space to help them look after their herds as the region copes with climate change. Snow worries: Satellite maps of snow coverage and melt can help reindeer herders. Using satellite-based snow melt maps supplied by the European Space Agency (ESA) backed program Polar View, herders are able to view the depth of snow and judge where the best foraging spots are to take their reindeer. ""Snow is of paramount importance for reindeer herding, because its quality determines whether reindeer are able to access the pastures that lie beneath it for much of the year,"" Anders Oskal, the Director of the International Center for Reindeer Husbandry (ICR) told the ESA. ""Detailed circumpolar snow information is, thus, becoming increasingly important following the recent changes in the Arctic climate."" Oskal is working with Smi reindeer herders in Finnmark, Norway, to help them maintain and develop sustainable reindeer husbandry. According to Oskal, Finnmark is the area of Norway that is predicted to experience the largest temperature increases, raising concerns about whether ice layers will form over pastures preventing reindeer from foraging. Under the Polar View initiative, Kongsberg Satellite Services (KSAT) have been providing snow melt maps for Norway and Sweden, as well as snow cover maps for Eurasia, for the last 18 months. The ICR partnered with Polar View in a trial of the maps to examine how satellite observations could help by gathering information on snow change in a timely manner for such vast circumpolar regions. ""The experience so far has definitely been positive, and the reindeer herders are extremely interested in the future utilization of Polar View products that can relate important information about local snow conditions,"" said Oskal. ""These products could have important consequences for herders' decisions regarding winter pasture quality and potential migration routes."" In addition to climate change, reindeer herders also have to face a loss of pastures because of infrastructure development, such as roads, hydroelectric power dams and cabin resorts. The same technology would help the ICR to monitor the different forms of land-use change over time."
"(Mashable)  -- In a rather small survey conducted by a young psychologist, Facebook was shown to have some interesting correlations with self-esteem and narcissism in young adults. In a survey of 100 college students, young people with narcissistic personality traits were shown to exhibit Facebook activity that was distinctly more self-promotional. These people had ""About Me"" sections that referred to their intelligence and photos that were more about displaying the user's physical attractiveness than about capturing memories with friends. Narcissism is defined in the survey, by a researcher at York University in Toronto, Canada, as ""a pervasive pattern of grandiosity, need for admiration and an exaggerated sense of self-importance."" For the average narcissist, Facebook ""offers a gateway for hundreds of shallow relationships and emotionally detached communication."" More importantly for this study, social networking in general allows the user a great deal of control over how he or she is presented to and perceived by peers and other users. Mashable.com: Study says social media is for narcissists . The study postulated that narcissists would show more overall Facebook activity than average users and that their activity would be more self-promotional, either descriptively or superficially. The survey's results showed ""significant positive correlations between narcissism and self-promotional content in the following areas: Main Photo, View Photos , Status Updates and Notes."" People who scored higher on the study's narcissism test also spent more time on Facebook and checked it more times each day than their less narcissistic counterparts. Mashable.com: Weekend stories you may have missed . Male narcissists were more self-promotional in their ""About Me"" descriptions, using this section as an opportunity to highlight their intelligence and wit. Female users with narcissistic tendencies tended to use images in their self-promotion, uploading content that ""include[d] revealing, flashy and adorned photos of their physical appearance."" Mashable.com: Older adults nearly double social media presence . The researcher notes that this study is intended to be a preliminary look at nonynous social networking, a fairly new field for academic scrutiny. As we abandon the fake avatars and cryptic usernames of years past and begin associating our online identities with our real-world lives, our online activities begin to have more relevance to our true personality traits.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved."
"(CNN) -- Scientists say a very rare find of some 20 fossilized pterodactyls has produced the first clear evidence of a controversial theory of evolution. This image shows the fossilized skeleton of Darwinopterus which was found in north-east China earlier this year. The fossils were found in northeast China earlier this year, embedded in rock dating back 160 million years, and have been called ""Darwinopterus"" after the renowned naturalist Charles Darwin. The creature's discovery has astounded scientists because their age puts them within two recognized groups of pterodactyls -- primitive long-tailed forms and advanced short-tail forms -- and they display characteristics of both. The combination of features indicates that the primitive pterodactyls evolved relatively quickly, and that certain groups of features changed at the same time. Traditional evolutionary theory suggests that one feature -- a tail for instance -- would slowly evolve over time. ""Darwinopterus came as quite a shock to us,"" said David Unwin, from the University of Leicester's School of Museum Studies, which identified the creature, along with researchers from the Geological Institute of Beijing. ""We had always expected a gap-filler with typically intermediate features such as a moderately elongate tail -- neither long nor short -- but the strange thing about Darwinopterus is that it has a head and neck just like that of advanced pterosaurs, while the rest of the skeleton, including a very long tail, is identical to that of primitive forms,"" he said. By comparing the fossil with others from earlier and later periods, scientists have been able to sketch a rough timeline of the pterodactyl's progression. ""The head and neck evolved first, followed later by the body, tail, wings and legs,"" Unwin said. The researchers say more study is needed to substantiate the idea of that evolution could occur relatively quickly, and that whole parts of a plant or animal's body could change at once. The fossils indicate Darwinopterus was about the size of a crow, with long jaws, sharp, pointed teeth and a flexible neck. It had ""hawk-like"" qualities, scientists say, which allowed the creature to kill and eat smaller, feathered dinosaurs which would later evolve into birds. Pterodactyls were prevalent during the Mesozoic Era between 220 and 65 million years ago. The research has been published in the ""Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences."""
"(CNN) -- At least two bombs were dropped near the Yida refugee camp in South Sudan, resulting in an undetermined number of casualties, the spokesperson for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Thursday. ""We are very concerned that these bombs were dropped in an area where there are thousands of refugees who have gathered after fleeing the violence in Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile states,"" the spokesperson said in a statement. ""It is essential that both parties immediately take all steps to protect civilian lives."" In Washington, the office of the White House press secretary said in a statement that the United States ""strongly condemns the aerial bombardment by the Sudan Armed Forces of the town of Yida,"" where more than 20,000 refugees who have fled conflict in the Sudanese state of Southern Kordofan are living. The Southern Kordofan, Blue Nile State and Nuba Mountain regions straddle Sudan and South Sudan's geographical and political lines. Although these territories are geographically part of Sudan, its population has faced ""exclusion, marginalization and discriminatory practices that have resulted in their opposition to the Sudanese government,"" according to the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights. ""This bombing of civilians and humanitarian workers is an outrageous act, and those responsible must be held accountable for their actions,"" the statement said. The attack follows other bombardments by the Sudan Armed Forces on November 8 near the border that increase the potential for confrontation between Sudan and South Sudan, it said. ""The United States demands the Government of Sudan halt aerial bombardments immediately,"" the statement said. ""We urge the Government of South Sudan to exercise restraint in responding to this provocation to prevent further escalation of hostilities."" It called for a resumption of negotiations by the Government of Sudan and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North. President H.E. Saliva Kiir Mayardit has said he will not support armed opposition forces fighting against the government of Sudan, the South Sudan government website said. Kiir said Sudan was threatening the sovereignty of South Sudan ""through military invasion."" Liberation army members have clashed with the military of South Sudan, which separated from Sudan and became independent in July. Led by former officers of the southern army that fought neighboring Sudan in a 22-year civil war, the militias have taken up arms against their former comrades and become a challenge for the world's newest nation."
"BETHLEHEM, West Bank (CNN) -- Hundreds of Christians packed the Church of the Nativity on Thursday for a midnight Mass in what is thought to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ. A worshipper touches a star at the point where tradition says Jesus Christ was born in the Church of Nativity. The standing-room-only service included singing and organ music. There were also large crowds outside the church, one of the most sacred places in Christianity. So many people had flocked to the area this Christmas season that there were no rooms left at the inns and hotels in Bethlehem. Some took this as a sign that tourism in Bethlehem was on the upswing. Christmas is the one time of year when the West Bank's small, shrinking Christian communities show everyone else that they are still there. Before the midnight Mass, Palestinian scout groups representing Christians throughout the West Bank did as they always do on this day -- they marched, banging their drums loudly and, in a way, trying to make a point.  Watch Bethlehem's Christmas celebrations  . The drumbeat has been heard by more and more people, locals say, as tourism has skyrocketed this year. ""This year, tourism is much better than last year -- we reached 1,250,000,"" said Victor Batarseh, the mayor of Bethlehem. ""All our hotels are full around Christmastime. We have 30,000 tourists coming in."" Tourists in record numbers were on hand this year, braving an unusually cold, gray and windy day to watch the parade of drums and holiday songs. ""It's kind of neat to see it in the Middle East, and they're playing Christmas carols and the songs we know,"" said one American tourist. ""I'm loving it, it's just been an incredible atmosphere and just a wonderful learning experience,"" said another. The Latin Patriarch in Jerusalem also came to the birthplace of Jesus, as he does every Christmas Eve, allowed through normally tightly shut gates by Israeli troops. The heavy security is a testament to ongoing conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. ""My Christmas wish is that we will have real peace, based on justice and freedom,"" said Mustafa Barghouti, a Palestinian parliament member. ""My Christmas wish is that the justice that Jesus Christ gave his life for will happen sometime in his birthplace in Palestine."" CNN's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Serena Williams has been beaten in her comeback event in Eastbourne, losing a tight three-set second round match to top seed Vera Zvonareva on Wednesday. American Williams has not played in a competitive tournament since defeating Zvonareva in the Wimbledon final a year ago. However, the Russian claimed some revenge for that loss, recovering from dropping the opening set to secure a 3-6 7-6 7-5 triumph after three hours of intense tennis. Murray unlikely to win Wimbledon despite recent success . Zvonareva, who has been seeded second for Wimbledon next week, paid tribute to Wiliams after the match, telling the official WTA Tour website: ""Serena has done an unbelievable job coming back after almost a year of not playing. ""She spent more than three hours on the court playing some unbelievable tennis. She's a great champion and I have a lot of respect for her."" Williams was appearing in Eastbourne for the first time after two operations on a foot she cut on broken glass in a restaurant, followed by further surgery in February to remove blood clots from her lungs. Meanwhile, older sister Venus kept the Williams flag flying high on England's south coast, reaching the quarterfinals with a comfortable straight sets win over Ana Ivanovic. Venus, who has been out of action for five months with an abdominal injury, went through 6-3 6-2 and told the WTA Tour website: ""I was happy to have some clean service games and not a lot of errors. ""I feel I'm playing well on the big points -- these matches have been crucial for me to get back, literally, into the swing of things."" In other matches, third seed Victoria Azarenka beat the final British player, Elena Baltacha, 6-1 7-6, while Czech fifth seed Petra Kvitova saw off defending champion Ekaterina Makarova 7-6 7-6. In the men's draw, Bulgarian Gregor Dimitrov upset South African sixth seed Kevin Anderson 6-3 6-2, while third seed Janko Tipsarevic beat British number two Jamie Ward -- who reached the semifinals at Queen's Club last week -- 6-3 4-6 6-2. Top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, from France, who was betean in the final at Queen's by Andy Murray, lost 6-2 6-3 to Czech Radek Stepanek. Meanwhile, American Sam Querrey, who won at Queen's in 2010, has been forced to withdraw from Wimbledon due to an arm injury."
"(CNN)  -- Five-time U.S. Open winner Roger Federer battled past Marin Cilic of Croatia to reach the last 16 of a grand slam for the 30th straight time Saturday. 27th seed Cilic took the second set but the Swiss maestro then took command and ran out a 6-3 4-6 6-4 6-2 winner at Flushing Meadows. Cilic, who had thrashed Bernard Tomic in the second round, looked set to cause an upset until 4-4 in the pivotal third set. Facing a break point, he was warned for taking too much time between points and promptly served a double fault. Federer duly served out for the set and waltzed through the fourth. ""Coming in I knew it was going to be tricky and I'm happy that I was able to counter his pace and his good play,"" he told gathered reporters after his win. ""It was a tricky match, especially at one set all. At the beginning of the third set I thought that was a key moment because he had momentum on his side."" In later play, in-form Mardy Fish maintained his impressive run with a straight sets win over dangerous outsider Kevin Anderson of South Africa, 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 7-6 (7-3). Fish is the highest ranked American left in their home grand slam in New York. But Czech ninth seed Tomas Berdych and Marcel Granollers, the 31st seed from Spain both had to quit their third round matches through injury. It takes to 10 the number of players who have withdrawn through injury in the men's singles, with four going in the women's. In Saturday's night session, world number one Novak Djokovic -- who has lost just twice in 2011 -- defeated Russian Nikolay Davydenko 6-3 6-4 6-2 to set up a last 16 clash with Ukraine's Alexandr Dolgopolov. The Australian Open and Wimbledon champion had only dropped three games in his first two matches, but he was given a sterner test against Davydenko, a semifinalist here in 2006 and 2007. Djokovic told reporters: ""I played well at important moments and got the crucial breaks in all three sets. ""He was aggressive and stayed close to the lines, but I was too passive and I wasn't happy with the game."""
"LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (CNN)  -- Toiling in what is the opium capital of the world, farmers in southern Afghanistan are swapping out their poppy plants for wheat crops. A farmer harvests wheat in a field on the outskirts of Kabul, Afghanistan, last summer. The farmers are participating in programs sponsored by the U.S. Agency for International Development, which is offering seeds, fertilizers and improved irrigation to the region in an effort to stop poppy crops and, ultimately, the production of opium and heroin. Observers have noticed a significant decline in the opium trade in Afghanistan, with the number of poppy-free provinces increasing from 13 in 2007 to 18 in 2008, according to a U.N. report released last year. Opium cultivation in the country, which has 34 provinces, dropped by about 20 percent in a year, the U.N. reported in August. ""It's a challenge to deliver assistance in a war zone -- you can hear fighter jets flying above us right now,"" said Rory Donohoe, a USAID development officer. ""At the end of the day, what we found is successful is that we work in areas that we can work,"" he told CNN in a recent interview in Helmand province. ""We come to places like this demonstration farm where Afghans can come here to a safe environment, get training, pick up seeds and fertilizer, then go back to districts of their own.""  Watch Afghans speak about the change in their farming practices  . Many of Afghanistan's northern and eastern provinces have already benefited from USAID alternative farming programs, which have doled out more than $22 million to nearly 210,000 Afghans to build or repair 435 miles (700 kilometers) of roads and some 2,050 miles (3,300 kilometers) of irrigation and drainage canals. Giving Afghan farmers improved access to markets and improved irrigation is successfully weaning them away from poppy production, according to officials at USAID. Over the years, opium and heroin -- both derivatives of the poppy -- have served as a major source of revenue for the insurgency, most notably the Taliban movement that once ruled Afghanistan. ""If you can just help the people of Afghanistan in this way, the fighting will go away,"" said Abdul Qadir, a farmer in Lashkar Gah. ""The Taliban and other enemies of the country will also disappear."""
"(CNN) -- Fighting has prompted thousands of people in the southern part of Sudan's Darfur region to seek security and shelter at a refugee camp in the northern part of the war-torn area, according to the United Nations. A member of the Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) stands guard near the Sudan-Chad border in 2007. The U.N.'s Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) reported that fighting in Muhajeria and Shearia between Sudanese government forces, and the rebel Justice and Equality Movement (JEM), drove over 15,000 people north to the Zam Zam camp. The water supply to the camp is becoming strained with displaced people arriving there every day, OCHA said Wednesday. The government of Sudan has waged a brutal counter-insurgency against militias for the past six years, a war that some international critics have characterized as genocide. An estimated 300,000 people in the western Sudanese region have been killed through combat, disease or malnutrition, according to the United Nations. An additional 2.7 million people have been forced to flee their homes because of fighting among rebels, government forces and the violent Janjaweed militias. Fighting continues in the region despite the JEM and local government signing a ""goodwill and confidence-building"" agreement earlier in February, according to the U.N. The U.N.-African Union allied peacekeeping mission (UNAMID) will begin building a new community police center near Zam Zam in the next two weeks, the U.N. announced Saturday. The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government. To counter the rebels, Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur, killing, torturing and raping residents there, according to the United Nations, Western governments and human rights organizations. The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength. Last year, Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir was charged with genocide by the International Criminal Court for the government's campaign of violence in Darfur. Under pressure to end the fighting, Al-Bashir in November agreed to an immediate and unconditional cease-fire in Darfur. But the rebel Justice and Equality Movement was not included in the case-fire talks. CNN's Katy Byron contributed to this report."
Baghdad, Iraq (CNN)  -- Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majeed -- also known as Chemical Ali -- was executed Monday, an Iraqi government spokesman said. He was hanged after having been convicted on 13 counts of killings and genocide, Ali al-Dabagh said. Al-Majeed had been sentenced to death in four separate trials, including one that focused on his involvement in a poison gas attack against Iraqi Kurds that killed about 5,000 people. His execution had been delayed for political rather than legal reasons. It is not clear what change, if any, led to the reported execution. Al-Majeed had been held in United States custody since his capture in 2003. But he was handed over to the Iraqi authorities in the 24 hours before his execution, U.S. Ambassador Christopher Hill told CNN's Diana Magnay on Monday. The 1988 poison gas attack on the village of Halabja, which earned al-Majeed his nickname, was part of the Anfal campaign, in which the Hussein regime killed at least 100,000 Iraqi Kurds. The campaign is believed to be worst poison gas attack on civilians ever. Al-Majeed was sentenced to death separately for his role in putting down a Shiite uprising against Hussein in 1991, and for his part in putting down a Baghdad revolt in 1999. Estimates of the Shiite death toll in the 1991 rebellion range from 20,000 to 100,000. Al-Majeed was convicted of playing a key part in the slaughter during the revolt in southern Iraq that followed the 1991 Persian Gulf War. One of his co-defendants in the Anfal case, Sultan Hashem, is a prominent Sunni leader who is considered a key player in efforts to reconcile the country's once-dominant Sunni community with the Shiite majority that now wields political power. Hashem was also sentenced to death, but Iraq's Sunni Arab Vice-President Tariq al-Hashimi has long refused to sign his execution order.  That delayed the execution of al-Majeed and another defendant as well. Iraqi law requires all three members of the Iraqi presidency council -- the president and two vice-presidents -- to sign execution orders. It does not say what happens if they do not sign. CNN's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report.
"Washington (CNN) -- African-Americans are extremely supportive of President Obama, but their enthusiasm appears to have dramatically dropped from earlier this year, according to a new national poll. The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey, released Tuesday, also indicates that Obama's presidency appears to have made blacks more optimistic about race relations, but less than one in five believe the new president has ushered in a new era of race relations in the country. More than nine in 10 blacks questioned in the poll approve of the job Obama's doing in the White House, far higher than 42 percent of whites who approve of his performance as president. But when asked how they personally feel about Obama's presidency, only 42 percent of black respondents say they're thrilled, with nearly half of those questioned saying they are happy but not thrilled. The 42 percent who are thrilled is down from 61 percent in January, when Obama was inaugurated. ""African-Americans are still big fans of the first black president in U.S. history, but the thrill is gone,"" said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. According to the poll, 51 percent of African-Americans say Obama's presidency has brought some improvement in race relations in the U.S., but only 18 percent feel it's the start of a new era. Another 23 percent say they've seen a real change in race relations over the past 11 months and 7 percent say things have gotten worse. The survey indicates that three-quarters of blacks believe race relations will improve eventually, which is up from 49 percent of blacks who felt that way a year before Obama was elected. ""Whites take a dimmer view of Obama's effect on race relations, with a third believing that the new presidency has not changed race relations in the country and 15 percent of whites saying that Obama has made race relations worse,"" Holland added. ""Not surprisingly, whites are less supportive of Obama, although for a notable number of whites, their negative view of the president is due to the perception that he's not been liberal enough."" The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted December 16-20, with 1,160 adult Americans, including 259 African-Americans and 786 whites, questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points and plus or minus 6 percentage points for the African-Americans sample. CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story ."
"(CNN) -- High winds and heavy seas capsized a boat filled with African migrants heading for Europe off the coast of Libya Monday -- with more than 200 feared dead, the International Organization for Migration in Geneva, Switzerland, said Tuesday. A group of 227 migrants sits on a fishing vessel in Malta last month after arriving from Somalia. Jemini Pandya, IOM spokeswoman, said a boat carrying 250 people capsized north of the Libyan coast, with at least 20 confirmed dead and 23 rescued. Another boat with around 350 migrants was rescued. She said the rescued migrants were taken to two centers in the Libyan city of Tripoli. They included Egyptians, Somalis, Ghanians, Nigerians, Tunisians, Eritreans, Algerians, and Moroccans. There were also passengers from Asia -- Bangladeshis, Syrians, Indians, and Pakistanis, she said. She said there may be two other vessels in the Mediterranean carrying migrants. The initial reports that two vessels capsized proved to be incorrect, Pandya said.  Watch as migrants are feared drowned  . The vessels departed Sunday and were heading to southern Europe, Egypt's Middle East News Agency reported Monday. The migrants were believed to be headed for the Italian island of Lampedusa, where 37,000 landed last year, according to IOM spokesman Jean-Philippe Chauzy, who said many African migrants converge on Libya en route to Europe. Italian coast guards said an Italian tugboat working for an offshore oil companies in the Libyan seas picked up 350 people on Sunday and carried them to Libya with the help of the Italian military. The U.N. refugee agency, aware of the reports, said they came at the ""beginning of the smuggling season in the Mediterranean."" The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said details remain sketchy about what happened, but one boat among several vessels leaving Libya for Italy went down and hundreds are reported missing. It said the mishap occurred near the Libyan coast. It said some Egyptian nationals were rescued and bodies were recovered and that those aboard included Africans from the northern and the sub-Saharan regions. High Commissioner Antonio Guterres on Tuesday said that the tragedy reflects the desperation of people to escape poverty and persecution. ""This tragic incident illustrates, once again, the dangers faced by people caught in mixed irregular movements of migrants and refugees in the Mediterranean and elsewhere which every year cost thousands of lives,"" the U.N. agency said."
"(CNN) -- The 28-year-old victim of an acid attack was released Sunday from a Portland, Oregon, hospital, a nursing supervisor said, nearly a week after an unknown assailant threw a cup of the caustic liquid in her face. Bethany Storro was released from Legacy Emanuel Hospital, where she had undergone surgery for her injuries after the attack last Monday, according to the supervisor, who declined to give her name. Storro credits a new pair of sunglasses -- bought just 20 minutes before the attack -- with saving her eyesight. ""God is watching over me,"" Storro, of Vancouver, Washington, told CNN affiliate KATU in Portland, Oregon, last week. ""I believe in him. That his hands are on me and I can't live the rest of my life like that -- in fear. I can't let what she did to me wreck my life."" Vancouver police say they are looking for the assailant, described as an African-American woman with an athletic build and slicked-back hair pulled into a pony tail. A composite sketch of the suspect was released last week. Storro told KATU that she had stopped at a Starbucks about 7:15 p.m. Monday, just after she had gone back to buy a pair of sunglasses that she had seen earlier. The woman walked up to her and said, ""Hey pretty girl, do you want to drink this?"" When Storro declined, the woman threw the contents of the cup in her face and ran off. Storro said she spoke about the attack because she wants people to see what the woman did to her and to help authorities find the woman before she assaults someone else. The attack bears similarities to a 2008 case in London, England. Katie Piper, a young model and television presenter, was leaving her apartment in a London suburb when she was attacked by a stranger waiting for her with a cup of sulfuric acid. The liquid burned the skin on her face, neck, chest and hands. She was also left blinded in one eye. Her assailant was asked by Piper's former boyfriend, Danny Lynch, to throw the acid on her face because she ended their short relationship. Both the assailant, Stefan Sylvestre, and Lynch are serving time in prison for the attack. CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Jean-Bertrand Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president, who has been living in exile in South Africa for seven years, has been issued a new passport to return home, the Haitian interior minister said Wednesday. Paul-Antoine Bien-Aime said the diplomatic passport was handed over to Aristide's U.S. attorney Ira Kurzban, who picked it up in Port-au-Prince Tuesday evening. That removes a major obstacle that has prevented Aristide from making the journey back. However, Kurzban said last month that Aristide would still need the cooperation of South Africa and the United States to make the journey home. Kurzban also said last month that Aristide had no intention of re-entering politics. But Washington has already signaled its displeasure. ""We do not doubt President Aristide's desire to help the people of Haiti. But today Haiti needs to focus on its future, not its past,"" State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said last month. ""This is an important period for Haiti. What it needs is calm, not divisive actions that distract from the task of forming a new government."" The former Roman Catholic priest, who became a voice for Haiti's impoverished, remains a polarizing figure but commands a large following in his homeland. Jacob Francois, coordinator for Aristide's Fanmi Lavalas party in the United States, predicted crowds would greet Aristide upon his return. ""It will be the greatest party of this decade,"" Francois said. ""Once again the world will see that President Aristide is the most revered politician in the history of Haiti."" Aristide left Haiti on a U.S. jet in 2004 after a bloody revolt by street gangs and soldiers. The leftist former president says he was shuttled out by Western powers. Aristide has long expressed his desire to go home. He reiterated that wish just days after former dictator Jean-Claude ""Baby Doc"" Duvalier returned to Haiti in January. ""Once again I express my readiness to leave today, tomorrow, at any time,"" Aristide said in a January statement. ""The people of Haiti have never stopped calling for my return to Haiti."" His return would come at crucial time in Haiti's history. The Caribbean nation's efforts to recover from a devastating 2010 earthquake has been compounded by a cholera epidemic and political chaos sparked by allegations of fraud in the presidential elections held in late November. A runoff is scheduled in March and a winner will not be known until April."
"Miami, Florida (CNN) -- A 15-year-old boy who was burned over 65 percent of his body in October, allegedly by a group of teenagers he knew, has been readmitted to a Miami hospital after he had trouble breathing, a hospital spokeswoman said Monday. Michael Brewer ""had complications with his breathing and is now back in the ICU,"" said Lorraine Nelson, spokeswoman for Jackson Memorial Hospital. Brewer was admitted to Jackson Memorial's Holtz Children's Hospital on Sunday night and is in serious condition, she said. It was not known whether Brewer's condition was related to his severe burns. He was released from Jackson Memorial's burn unit December 22, more than two months after the October 12 incident. ""He had been doing very well. He had been going to physical therapy and doing well, but things happen,"" Nelson told CNN. At the time he was discharged from the burn unit, Dr. Louis Pizano, associate director of the burn center, told reporters, ""From what happened in the beginning, we would have predicted probably six months, at least, in the hospital. And it is miraculous."" Brewer had three skin graft surgeries during his stay in the burn unit and was on a ventilator for almost the entire first month. Three teenagers have been charged as adults with attempted murder in connection with the incident. Detectives said eyewitnesses told them that 16-year-old Jesus Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Denver Jarvis, 15, allegedly poured alcohol over him, and that Matthew Bent, also 15, allegedly encouraged the attack. Detectives said Mendez admitted that he set Brewer on fire and that he made a ""bad decision,"" according to an arrest transcript. The three face a maximum sentence of up to 30 years in prison if convicted. Two other boys who were allegedly involved, a 13-year-old and 15-year-old, have not been charged in the attack. A court-appointed psychologist who examined two of the five boys allegedly involved in the attack told CNN they are competent to proceed and assist their attorney. Detectives believe that Brewer owed Bent $40 for a video game. When Brewer did not pay, police said, Bent stole Brewer's father's bicycle, then was arrested when Brewer reported him to the police. The next day, police believe, the group sought out Brewer. Witnesses reported the group called him ""a snitch"" as they set him on fire. Witnesses have said Brewer jumped into a pool to put out the flames."
"(CNN) -- A popular sightseeing destination in Australia is boldly going where no tourist attraction has gone before -- by offering audio tours in the Klingon language. Starting August 22, Star Trek fans and those who are fluent in Klingon can visit the Jenolan Caves National Park and take a self-guided audio tour in Klingon through the ""Nettle Cave."" Currently offering audio tours in eight languages, Nettle Cave is part of one of the oldest cave systems in the world and has about 150,000 to 200,000 visitors annually, making it one of the most visited caves in Australia. ""We thought it would be neat to add another language, perhaps a fictional one,"" says David Hay in charge of Cultural Initiatives at Jenolan Caves. ""We considered adding dwarfish or elfish, but then decided to add the second most spoken fictional language in the world after Esperanto, which is Klingon."" How to speak Klingon . Hay says the language addition isn't completely out of the blue. In the early 1990s, two writers of ""Star Trek: The Next Generation"" visited the caves and decided to name a transport vessel, the USS Jenolan, in the 1992 episode, ""Relics."" In July, two Klingon scholars -- Michael Roney Jr. and Tracy Canfield -- visited the caves from the United States and translated the current English audio tour of the caves into Klingon and recorded it in a Sydney studio. Speaking in the Star Trek language, Roney exclaimed ""lH, qar'a'""? when he first visited the caves to express their beauty, according to a statement released by Jenolan Caves Reserve Trust. The Klingon language was first created in 1979 for ""Star Trek: The Motion Picture."" by James Doohan, who played Scotty in the sci-fi series. Star Trek producers later consulted linguist Mark Okrand to develop the language for ""Star Trek III: The Search for Spock"" and subsequent other films. The ""Klingon Dictionary"" created by Okrand went on to sell hundreds of thousands of copies over the years. Currently, the Klingon Language Institute has an estimated 2,500 members in 50 countries. ""What I think is happening is that people are very interested in the language and we have created a portal into it,"" says Hay. ""This is an opportunity for others to listen to Klingon and make it available for those who interested in it."""
"COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (CNN)  -- Colombo has been hit by a second bomb blast in only 24 hours following the fall of the Tamil Tigers' capital to government troops. Police and army officials at the site of a suicide bombing in Sri Lanka's capital Colombo Friday. Two people were wounded and a store damaged in the Petard commercial district Saturday. A day earlier a suicide bomber on a motorcycle blew himself up outside an air force headquarters in Colombo, killing two air force police officers and a member of the bomb-disposal unit. Another 30 people were injured. The attacks come after President Mahinda Rajapaksa urged the  Tigers to lay down their arms and end a quarter-century of civil war. He made his call after  government troops retook the separatists' capital, Kilinochchi. In a televised statement Friday evening, Rajapaksa called the recapture of Kilinochchi ""a victory against separatism."" ""The time is not far off when people of the north can breathe freedom again,"" Rajapaksa said. He invited the Tigers -- who have fought for an independent homeland for Sri Lanka's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 -- to surrender as government troops closed in on their last remaining strongholds. Rajapaksa's announcement was met with fireworks in Colombo, and Friday's news prompted celebrations in other cities as well. The Tamil Tigers ran a parallel administration from Kilinochchi with their own police force, courts, prisons and taxes, and they had declared government plans to retake the city a ""daydream."" But after Sri Lanka launched a new offensive against the rebels in the fall, the insurgents moved their nerve center and logistics bases to Mullaitivu, on the northeastern coast. Sri Lankan troops have been on the outskirts of Kilinochchi, about 580 km (360 miles) north of Colombo, for more than a month. They took a key highway junction and a town outside the city Thursday. The civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead. The U.S. State Department has designated the Tamil Tigers a terrorist organization."
"LONDON, England (CNN)  -- Britain's Queen Elizabeth II reflected Thursday on the economic and political crises sweeping the globe, acknowledging in her Christmas Day message their impact on holiday festivities. Queen Elizabeth II attends a Christmas Day service at Sandringham in Norfolk, England. ""Christmas is a time for celebration, but this year it is a more somber occasion for many. Some of those things which could once have been taken for granted suddenly seem less certain, and naturally give rise to feelings of insecurity,"" she told Britons in a televised appearance from Buckingham Palace. ""People are touched by events which have their roots far across the world -- whether it is the global economy or violence in a distant land, the effects can be keenly felt at home."" In her nine-minute message, she encouraged Britons to look for happiness and courage through helping others, and singled out World War I veterans and current troops in Iraq and Afghanistan as examples of courage and sacrifice. Military veterans of the First World War recently commemorated the ""service and enormous sacrifice of their own generation,"" the queen said. The families of soldiers now serving overseas carry an extra burden of worry while they are away, she added. ""In such times as these, we can all learn some lessons from the past. We might begin to see things in a new perspective, and certainly we begin to ask ourselves where it is that we can find lasting happiness.""  Watch excerpts of the queen's address  . It appears, she noted, that people who seem most contented and fulfilled are ""the people who have lived the most outgoing and unselfish lives -- the kind of people who are generous with their talents or their time ... those who use their prosperity or good fortune for the benefit of others."" ""When life seems hard, the courageous do not lie down and accept defeat. Instead, they are all the more determined to struggle for a better future,"" the queen said. ""I think we have a huge amount to learn from individuals such as these."" She expressed pride in her son, Prince Charles, who turned 60 last month and is one of the longest-serving heirs to the throne. He was baptized in the music room where the queen spoke, she said. Several clips -- including a few with the queen playing with Charles, as a toddler -- were shown throughout her comments. Charles has helped and supported young people through various charities, and his sons, princes William and Harry, are following his lead, the queen said. She closed her message with references to Jesus Christ, who she said lived an unselfish and sacrificial life, despite circumstances of great adversity. ""He makes it clear that genuine human happiness and satisfaction lie more in giving than receiving, more in serving than in being served. ""We can surely be grateful that 2,000 years after the birth of Jesus, so many of us are able to draw inspiration from his life and message."""
"MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- A federal judge ordered 10 municipal police officers arrested Saturday in connection with the slayings of 12 off-duty federal agents in southwestern Mexico, the attorney general's office said. The recent spate of violence was sparked by the arrest of high-ranking drug cartel member Arnoldo Rueda Medina. The federal officers' bodies were found Tuesday on a remote highway in Michoacan state, where at least 18 federal agents and two soldiers have been killed since July 11 due to drug-related violence. Video from the scene showed three signs, known as narcomensajes, or narcomessages, left by the killers. They all stated the same thing: ""So that you come for another. We will be waiting for you here."" The officers arrested Saturday are on the police force in the city of Arteaga. Mexican President Felipe Calderon, whose home state is Michoacan, responded to the violence by dispatching 1,000 federal police officers to the area. The infusion, which more than tripled the number of federal police officers patrolling Michoacan, angered Michoacan Gov. Leonel Godoy Rangel. He called it an occupation and said he had not been consulted. Authorities said Wednesday they were searching for the governor's half-brother, who they say is a top-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana drug cartel. The cartel is blamed for most of the recent violence in the state. The governor's brother, Julio Cesar Godoy Toscano, was elected July 5 to the lower house of Congress. The governor has publicly urged his brother to surrender. There were no reports of his apprehension as of late Saturday. The sudden spike in violence followed the arrest July 11 of Arnoldo Rueda Medina, described as a high-ranking member of La Familia. La Familia members attacked the federal police station in Morelia to try to gain freedom for Rueda shortly after his arrest, authorities said. When that failed, cartel members attacked federal police installations in at least a half-dozen Michoacan cities. Under Mexican law, the officers arrested Saturday will be held for 40 days while officials determine whether to formally charge them."
"(CNN) -- Schools of robotic fish could one day map the ocean floor, detect pollution or inspect and survey submerged boats or oil and gas pipelines, researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say. MIT researcher Pablo Valdivia Alvarado works in his lab on a robotic fish he co-created. MIT engineers are showing off the latest generation of so-called robofish 15 years after they built the first one. The latest incarnation is sleeker, more streamlined and capable of mimicking the movements of a real fish. And it's capable of exploring underwater terrain submersibles can't, said Pablo Valdivia Alvarado, a mechanical engineer at the school. ""Some of our sponsors were thinking of using them for inspection and surveillance,"" Alvarado said. ""Since these prototypes are very cheap, the idea was to build hundreds -- 200, 500 -- and then just release them in a bay or at a port, and they would be roaming around taking measurements."" MIT researchers built their first robotic fish, ""Robotuna,"" in 1994. But Robotuna has gone the way of the dinosaur. Alvarado said the new generation -- modeled after bass and trout -- cost only a few hundred dollars and have only 10 parts instead of the thousands used in Robotuna. At five to 18 inches, the new fish is much smaller than Robotuna and built from a single, soft polymer. And unlike Robotuna, the fish is able to be released in the oceans. ""Most of the brains, the electronics, are embedded inside,"" said Alvarado, who designed the robofish with fellow MIT engineer Kamal Youcef-Toumi. ""We have built prototypes with the battery inside, but for my experiments, for simplicity. We have a lot of prototypes that are simply tethered. We have a cable that runs out from the body and connects to a power supply."" The new generation has withstood harsh conditions in the lab, including two years of testing inside tanks filled with tap water, which is corrosive to standard robots, according to Alvarado, who says the Robotuna inspired him to take the technology to the next level. The oil exploration company Schlumberger helped fund the research, but Alvarado says the U.S. Navy has also expressed interest in the robofish. MIT's mechanical engineers are now turning their attention to new challenges: A robotic manta ray and a terrestrial robot in the form of a salamander. CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Federal agents have arrested more than 1,300 suspected gang members, including 343 with violent criminal histories, in the past three months, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency said Tuesday. Gang weapons and paraphernalia are displayed by Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2006. ""Violent foreign-born gang members and their associates have more than worn out their welcome, and to them I have one message: good riddance,"" Julie L. Myers, assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, said in a news release. Of those arrested, 374 face criminal charges, officials said. The rest face deportation, they said. During the nationwide crackdown, immigration and customs agents worked with law enforcement counterparts in 23 cities in what officials described as a ""summer surge."" The most arrests were made in the New York area (205) and Miami, Florida (160), but gang members were arrested in cities as small as Boise, Idaho, and Fort Smith, Arkansas.  Watch agents in action in suspected gang roundup  . Myers told a Washington news conference that some of ""the worst of the worst"" gang offenders had been taken off U.S. streets. One of the gangs targeted has been MS-13, which is believed to be the fastest growing group in the United States as well as one of the most violent, the agency said. The FBI estimates MS-13 has about 10,000 members in the country, along with tens of thousands in Guatemala, Mexico, Panama, Nicaragua, Honduras and El Salvador, where the gang originated in the late 1980s. ""MS-13 still seems to be the primary gang and the most violent gang still out there, and it is penetrating throughout the United States,"" said Marcy Forman, director of investigations for the agency. Don Hunter, sheriff of Collier County in southwest Florida, said MS-13 was present in what he called the ""upscale"" community. ""We are not unique, we have transnational gangs, we have homegrown gangs,"" Hunter told the news conference. But he said cooperation among federal and local agencies had made it possible to put a dent in gang operations. The sweep was part of the agency's Operation Community Shield anti-gang initiative, which started in 2005, and has resulted in arrests of more than 7,000 alleged members and their associates from more than 600 gangs, the agency said. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Kelli Arena and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report."
"Harare, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- The wife of Zimbabwe's president has sued a Zimbabwean newspaper for $15 million following its publication of allegations that she was linked to and profited from illegal diamond sales in the southern African country. According to papers filed at the High Court in Harare Wednesday, Grace Mugabe, the wife of President Robert Mugabe, is suing The Standard for defamation after its report based on diplomatic cables released by the website WikiLeaks. The cables in question, from the U.S. Embassy in Harare, claimed that Zimbabwe's first lady was among the senior Zanu-PF and government officials who were gaining huge profits from the smuggling of diamonds in the eastern part of Zimbabwe. ""The diamonds that are sold to regime members and elites are sold for freshly printed Zimbabwean notes issued by the RBZ (Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe),"" the paper quoted a 2008 cable as saying. ""The cables suggested that (the head of the bank, Gideon) Gono kept the money printing press running to finance the purchase of diamonds and this could have accelerated hyperinflation, which eventually rendered the Zimbabwe dollar worthless,"" the newspaper charged. Grace Mugabe said in the suit that the report published Sunday by The Standard was ""false, scandalous, malicious and bent on damaging (her) reputation."" The documents said the newspaper wrongly suggested that Grace Mugabe had ""used her position as the First Lady to access diamonds clandestinely, enriching herself in circumstances in which the country was facing serious foreign currency shortages, which amounts should have been channeled to the fiscus. ""The imputation of such conduct on a person of such high standing, the mother of the nation, is to lower the respect with which she is held by all right thinking persons, to a point of disappearance,"" the lawsuit said. Chris Mhike, an attorney for the newspaper, said the summons is being studied ""and in due course we shall respond. ""But looking at most of the claims, so far, I can say they are just meant to harass the press,"" he said. Foster Dongozi, a spokesman for the Zimbabwe Union of Journalists, said the group was ""concerned"" about the lawsuit. ""We condemn suing newspapers for merely reproducing something which is in the public domain. It is one way of trying to frustrate access to information, and to squeeze newspapers out of existence. As a union, we are really concerned that a crackdown on journalists may resurface,"" he said."
(CNN) -- South Africa's World Cup dream is hanging by a thread after Uruguay took a firm grip on Group A with a ruthless 3-0 win over the hosts. Diego Forlan gave the South American side a first half lead after his shot deflected off Aaron Mokoena and into the net. South Africa pushed forward in the second half but their hopes were dashed when Uruguay striker Luis Suarez was brought down in the penalty area by goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune, who was sent off. Forlan converted the resulting penalty past substitute 'keeper Moeneeb Josephs to kill the hosts off and send many South Africa fans heading for the exits. Alvaro Pereira converted a late third as South Africa desperately tried to salvage something from the game. Uruguay go top of Group A with four points from their two games. South Africa have a solitary point after two games, and must beat France in their final game to have any hope of progressing to the knock out stages. The hosts had gone into the game buoyed by their opening day draw with Mexico and riding a wave of emotion after the country enthusiastically embraced the first ever World Cup held on African soil. Group A was delicately poised after all four teams drew their opening game and it was Uruguay who started the more positively, striker Luis Suarez shooting wide after just seven minutes. On 20 minutes Forlan broke the deadlock. Picking the ball up in midfield the Atletico Madrid forward surged towards the edge of the penalty area before unleashing a fierce drive on goal. The ball took a touch off Mokoena and dipped under the crossbar. South Africa struggled to retain possession as Uruguay pushed forward but the game reached the interval with no further scoring. The hosts played with more urgency after the break but couldn't unearth a chance before the game's decisive passage of play. On 75 minutes Suarez picked up a loose ball in the area before being clipped by Khune's leg. The referee pointed to the penalty spot and showed the goalkeeper a straight red card. Forlan slotted the penalty into the roof of the net to take the stuffing out of South Africa and as coach Carlos Alberto Parreira's ten men edged forward in search of a goal Uruguay killed them off. Suarez collected Forlan's long pass before crossing for Pereira to bundle the ball home and put the game beyond doubt, right on the final whistle. Group A's other teams -- France and Mexico -- play on Thursday night in Polokwane. South Africa's final game is against France on Tuesday.
"(CNN) -- The Colorado couple who said their 6-year-old son was aboard an escaped balloon pleaded guilty Friday to charges related to the well-publicized ""balloon boy"" case. Richard Heene pleaded guilty in Larimer County Court to a felony charge of attempting to influence a public servant. His wife, Mayumi Heene, pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of false reporting to authorities. The Heenes' attorneys said prosecutors had agreed to a sentence of probation with the possibility of up to 90 days in jail for Richard Heene and up to 60 days in jail for his wife. The incident occurred in October, when a large silver balloon came loose from its moorings in the Heenes' yard and drifted over eastern Colorado. Mayumi Heene called 911 and said the couple's 6-year-old son, Falcon, was inside the craft. Millions of people across the country watched the saga on television for nearly two hours as military aircraft tracked the balloon in the air and rescuers chased it below. Mayumi Heene later admitted the whole thing was a hoax and that Falcon was safe in their home the whole time, authorities said. Watch the moment the hoax was revealed . The couple's attorneys have said that the threat of Mayumi Heene's deportation was a factor in the plea deal negotiations. Mayumi Heene is a Japanese citizen but is in the United States legally. ""Even though Mr. Heene would have a triable case, I believe, to avoid the risk that his wife is deported ... we have decided that the best course of action is to proceed as we are proceeding,"" Richard Heene's lawyer, David Lane, said Friday. The judge is allowing the Heenes to leave the state while they remain on bond. Lane said Richard Heene is going to seek employment in New York and also has plans to go to California. Mayumi Heene's attorney said she may accompany him on those trips. Sentencing will be next month. Court documents released last month said the couple hatched the plan about two weeks before the incident and ""instructed their three children to lie to authorities as well as the media regarding this hoax."" Their motive? To ""make the Heene family more marketable for future media interests,"" the documents said."
"NEW YORK (CNN)  -- American radio talk-show host Michael Savage said he wants an apology from Britain's home secretary and his name removed from a list of people banned from entering the United Kingdom. American radio talk-show host Michael Savage calls the British government's description of him ""demented."" ""I've heard from British attorneys who are salivating to set the record straight and win quite a large settlement should she not remove my name from the list,"" Savage said in an interview broadcast Thursday on CNN's ""American Morning."" Savage was referring to Home Secretary Jacqui Smith, whose office recently excluded 22 people from entering the country because the government feels they have been ""stirring up hatred."" The British government has cited Savage -- who is on the list under his real name, Michael Alan Weiner -- for ""seeking to provoke others to serious criminal acts and fostering hatred which might lead to inter-community violence."" Savage has made controversial statements against homosexuality, illegal immigrants from Mexico and Islam. He said that ""borders, language and culture is the real message of 'The Savage Nation,' "" his radio talk show. ""I'm a patriotic American, and if that's a crime in England, God help us all,"" he said.  Watch as Savage says he wants to clear his name  . Savage's daily radio show does not air in Britain but is broadcast nationwide in the United States. Savage rejected the British government's description of him, calling it ""a demented attitude."" ""She lumped me in with known murderers and terrorists, people who have been in prison for killing people,"" Savage said of Smith. ""I've been on the air for 15 years, three hours a day, five days a week. I have never, ever promoted violence. There has never been one violent incident attached to my show."" Smith has said she is determined to keep those who ""spread extremism, hatred and violent messages"" out of the country. ""Coming to the UK is a privilege, and I refuse to extend that privilege to individuals who abuse our standards and values to undermine our way of life,"" Smith said. ""Therefore, I do not hesitate to name and shame those who foster extremist views, as I want them to know that they are not welcome here."" The Home Office has named 16 people on the list, saying it was not in the public interest to disclose the names of the other six. Included on the list are: ."
"(CNN) -- The presidents of Sudan and Chad signed a non-aggression agreement late Thursday, aiming to halt cross-border hostilities between the two African nations. Chad President Idriss Deby, right, and Sudan's President Omar al-Beshir, left, shake hands after signing the pact. The signing came after nearly two full days of talks in Dakar, Senegal, between Sudan President Omar al-Beshir and Idriss Deby, the president of Chad. Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade facilitated the talks, and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon met with officials from both nations and witnessed the signing of the agreement at about 10 p.m. ""The idea is to get the governments of Sudan and Chad to normalize their relations with each other and to halt any action that would allow for the cross-border movement of rebel factions or armed factions of either side that could hurt the other country,"" said United Nations spokesman Farhan Haq. Each country accuses the other of supporting armed rebel groups that cross the border to attempt to destabilize the government. The rival nations' armies have skirmished several times. The United Nations says refugees and armed groups have been regularly crossing the border between the troubled Darfur region of Sudan and Chad. They allegedly include many of the rebels that attacked N'Djamena, the capital of Chad, in early February. As recently as Thursday, just hours before the agreement was signed, Chad issued a communique saying rebels from Sudan had crossed the border. Chad is still recovering from a failed attempt last month by rebels to overthrow Deby's regime. The United Nations says the swelling number of Darfur refugees and other displaced people living in eastern Chad is causing serious strain on the region. Kingsley Amaning, the U.N.'s humanitarian coordinator for Chad, said more than 10,000 people from Darfur, in Sudan, have fled into 12 official refugee camps in eastern Chad. They join some 240,000 Darfurians who have lived in Chad since 2004 because of fighting in their homeland and an estimated 180,000 displaced Chadians also living there. The number of displaced Chadians is growing because of the recent fighting there, Kingsley said. Haq said the United Nations, which has peacekeeping troops in the Darfur region, will work to assure Sudan and Chad carry out the terms of Thursday's deal. The countries have signed several peace agreements in the past, only to see renewed violence flare up. E-mail to a friend ."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A court has ordered pop singer Britney Spears to give up custody of her children effective Wednesday at noon. Kevin Federline and Britney Spears, here during happier times, have two children. Spears' former husband, Kevin Federline, is to retain custody of their two sons ""until further order of the court,"" according to a ruling by Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon. It was not clear what led to Monday's decision awarding Federline full custody. A transcript of the court proceedings was ordered sealed. Last month, a judge ordered Spears, 25, to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in ""habitual, frequent, and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol."" That order, also by Gordon, provided no details and did not name any drugs. The former couple has been embroiled in a bitter custody fight over their sons, Sean Preston and Jayden. The parents had split custody 50-50, but Federline then asked for the arrangements to be shifted to 70-30 in his favor.  Watch how Spears became user of -- and prisoner to -- fame  . In addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests, Gordon ordered Spears to spend eight hours per week working with a ""parenting coach,"" who was to observe her interactions with her children. Gordon also told both parents to avoid alcohol or ""other non-prescription controlled substances"" 12 hours before taking custody of the children. He also barred the exes from making ""derogatory remarks about the other party and the other party's family or significant other"" during the case. And he ordered the parents to go through ""joint co-parenting counseling"" and barred them from using corporal punishment on the boys. Spears and Federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in July. Monday's order comes amid a career freefall for Spears, whose new album is due to be released November 13. After her September 9 ""comeback"" performance on the MTV Video Music Awards, critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume. Her former divorce lawyer, Laura Wasser, resigned last month as her legal representative after telling reporters the singer ""just wants to be a mom."" Spears' management company, the Firm, recently quit after representing the singer for little over a month. E-mail to a friend ."
Tokyo (CNN) -- At least six people were killed when a magnitude-6.4 earthquake struck Japan Tuesday morning, a local fire department said. The six were killed when a landslide triggered by the quake buried three homes in Iwaki, the city's fire department said. Three people were rescued and hospitalized, and fire officials were working to rescue an unknown number of others believed to be trapped, the department said. The quake struck at about 8:08 a.m. Tuesday (7:08 p.m. Monday ET), according to the U.S. Geological Survey. It had a depth of about 13 kilometers (8 miles) and was centered about 77 miles east-southeast of Tokyo. Monday night, one person was killed in Iwaki and several others were trapped when a powerful 6.6-magnitude earthquake triggered landslides there, the fire department said. It happened exactly one month after the country's devastating 9.0-magnitude quake and tsunami. Threat level now on par with Chernobyl . The earlier quake was centered about 100 miles (164 kilometers) northeast of Tokyo and about 30 miles (50 kilometers) southwest of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The landslides in Iwaki buried three houses. Police in Fukushima Prefecture initially reported that four people were trapped. The Iwaki Fire Department later said more than four people were trapped, but the exact number was unclear. Authorities were trying to rescue them. Their condition was not immediately known, police said. The earthquake did not cause a tsunami. Japan to evacuate more towns . Workers at Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, which has suffered cooling problems and radiation leaks since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami, evacuated briefly but soon returned to resume their efforts to cool the troubled facility. Prime Minister Naoto Kan delayed a scheduled news conference as a result of the earthquake, his office said. The government wants to handle the immediate emergency before holding a news conference, the office said. Japan to evacuate more towns . The Tokyo Electric Power Company said 220,000 households and businesses in Fukushima were without power after Monday's quake. Japan has been hit with hundreds of aftershocks since the March 11 earthquake and ensuing tsunami that killed at least 13,116 people. More than 14,000 remain missing. CNN's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .
"(CNN) -- The Queen of the Blues is dead. Koko Taylor performs in Spain in 2005. Her last performance was in May of this year. Koko Taylor, a West Tennessee sharecropper's daughter who went to Chicago, Illinois, with ""35 cents and a box of Ritz Crackers"" at 24 and wound up an award-winning blues legend, died Wednesday at her Chicago home at 80. She died of complications from a May 19 surgery for gastrointestinal bleeding, her Web site reported. Just days before the surgery, Taylor won her 29th Blues Music Award, picking up the trophy for Traditional Female Blues Artist Of the Year. She performed her signature song, ""Wang Dang Doodle,"" at the ceremony. Known for her powerful vocals, Taylor was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 1997, won the Blues Foundation Lifetime Achievement Ward in 1999 and was awarded a National Endowment for the Arts National Heritage Fellowship in 2004. She also won a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album in 1985 for her album ""Queen of the Blues."" Taylor was born Cora Walton and picked up the nickname ""Koko"" because of her love of chocolate as a child. She also displayed a love of singing from an early age. She and her future husband, the late Robert ""Pops"" Taylor, traveled to Chicago in 1952, where Pops Taylor worked for a packing company while Koko Taylor cleaned houses. By night, the two roamed Chicago's blues clubs, where Koko Taylor sat in with top bands and was soon a popular guest artist. But it took 10 years for Koko Taylor to record on her own, after Willie Dixon got her signed to Chess Records and produced several singles, including ""Wang Dang Doodle."" Taylor landed a permanent home with Alligator Records when Chess was sold in 1975. Her final performance was the May 7 blues award show, but earlier in the year she performed at the Kennedy Center Honors program honoring actor Morgan Freeman. Throughout her lengthy career, she shared the stage with nearly every blues performer imaginable, from Junior Wells and B.B. King to Taj Mahal and Muddy Waters. She was a strong influence to later performers, including Bonnie Raitt and Janis Joplin. Survivors include Taylor's husband, Hays Harris, daughter Joyce Threatt, son-in-law Lee Threatt, grandchildren Lee Jr. and Wendy, and three great-grandchildren."
"(CNN) -- Democratic leaders took the initiative Monday to go after one of their own, U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner, hours after he admitted to lying about posting an explicit photo on his Twitter account and carrying on inappropriate relationships with women he'd met online. Two Democratic sources said that Weiner, in a brief telephone conversation Monday with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, made it abundantly clear that he was not going to resign. At his press conference later that day, the New York Democrat said that Pelosi was ""not happy"" but ""also told me that she loved me and wanted us to ... pull through this."" Pelosi, D-California, who until last January was House speaker, reacted by calling for the chamber's Ethics Commission to open an investigation into the seven-term congressman ""to determine whether any official resources were used or any other violation of House rules occurred."" Weiner apologizes for lying, 'terrible mistakes' Such a probe is rare, especially when called by a member of one's own party, the Democratic sources said. One question that is sure to be central to such an investigation is whether Weiner used congressional resources while sending -- as he admitted -- explicit photos and messages to ""about six women"" over a three-year period. The New York Democrat claimed that his BlackBerry device is not paid for by the government, and added, ""I don't believe that I used any government resources"" in conducting the illicit, largely electronic affairs. iReport.com: Share your reaction to Rep. Weiner's press conference . In a statement, Weiner said he will ""welcome and will fully cooperate with an investigation by the House Ethics Committee."" Other Democrats, many of whom initially rallied behind Weiner and his initial claim that his Twitter account had been hacked, backed Pelosi's call for an investigation. Rep. Steve Israel, chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, chastised his fellow New Yorker for what he called ""a deep personal failure and inappropriate behavior that embarrassed himself, his family and the House."" He threw his support behind the ethics probe ""to remove all remaining doubt about this situation."" Katie Grant, the spokeswoman for House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer, told CNN that ""if there have been any questions regarding ethics that have been raised in the public sphere that the Ethics Committee should look at them."" But while some Democrats are touting the ethics probe as a bold and significant step, one Republican source calls it ""hollow."" The GOP source said it is noteworthy that Pelosi called for an investigation but did not demand Weiner step down -- as happened with former Rep. Chris Lee. The married Republican from western New York resigned in February, following a report that he had tried to meet a woman on Craigslist. CNN's Kate Bolduan, Deirdre Walsh and Dana Bash contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Roger Federer cruised into the quarterfinals of the Toronto Masters tournament with a 7-6 6-3 win over Frenchman Michael Llodra on Thursday. It earns the former world number one a rematch with Czech Tomas Berdych, who beat him in the quarterfinals to end his reign as Wimbledon champion in a massive upset. Earlier, seventh seed Berdych continued his fine form this season with a hard-fought 6-3 6-7 6-4 win over Alexandr Dolgopolov of Ukraine. Federer, who is playing his first tournament since the grass court grand slam, showed he is returning to best form after an early scare. Llodra went up an early break in the first set, but once Federer drew level it was one-way traffic. The third seed claimed the subsequent tiebreak seven points to two and early breaks of service in the second put him in command. Federer, who has slipped behind Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic in the rankings, will be intent on revenge when he faces his Wimledon nemesis. ""Playing Berdych is going to bring back memories, some not so nice,"" he told Sky Sports. Defending champion Andy Murray survived a second set slump to record a 6-2 0-6 6-3 victory over 15th seed Gael Monfils. Scot Murray was in total command in the opener but his French opponent hit back with a vengeance as he whitewashed him in the second. But fourth seed Murray regained his composure and with the injury-hit Monfils receiving treatment for a shoulder problem in the decider, he eased to victory. Washington champion David Nalbandian is also into the last eight, claiming the scalp of fifth seed Robin Soderling as he claimed his 11th straight victory on the ATP Tour, a personal record. The Argentine won 4-6 6-4 6-1 as he broke the Swede's powerful service six times, sweeping through the decider after falling a set behind. Sixth seed Nikolay Davydenko is also out, the Russian beaten 6-3 6-2 by unseeded Frenchman Jeremy Chardy. World number one Rafael Nadal was playing his last 16 match later Thursday in the night session, taking on giant South African Kevin Anderson."
"New York (CNN) -- A new emergency alert system that sends notifications to cell phones in the event of a disaster or terrorist attack will be implemented in New York and Washington by the end of this year, officials said. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Tuesday unveiled PLAN, the Personal Localized Alerting Network, which is expected to provide residents with timely information ""alerting them to imminent safety threats in their area."" Mobile phone users will receive ""geographically targeted, text-like messages,"" according to a written statement from the Federal Communications Commission. ""Every weekday our population of 8.4 million residents swells to more than 12 million as commuters and tourists come to town,"" Bloomberg told reporters. ""Under the PLAN program, we'll be able to broadcast (emergency) messages to any of them who are within our target area."" Mobile customers will receive three types of alerts containing 90 characters or less, ranging from presidential alerts to child abduction bulletins. Phone carriers may allow subscribers to block all but presidential alerts, officials said. A special chip is needed to allow phones to receive the notifications, though many ""smart"" phones already have the new technology, said FCC spokesman Neil Grace. ""We're a mobile society,"" said Craig Fugate, Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator. ""How many of us are sitting there listening to a radio or television when these (traditional) alerts come out?"" ""This system will send it to your phone."" It will also be able to send messages when cell phone towers experience network congestion, overriding other calls in an effort to deliver the notification. High mobile phone traffic and downed cell phone towers are considered primary reasons for service disruption in New York in the immediate aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ""There are many lessons to be learned from 9/11,"" said Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski. ""One of them is that we were under-utilizing communications technologies in emergencies."" PLAN is expected to be expanded to the rest of the country by April 2012 and was made possible by a 2006 congressional bill called the Warning Alert and Response Network Act. ""It would have been great if we had something like this available as recently as last month for the tornadoes in the south,"" Genachowski added. A record number of tornadoes swarmed through much of the Midwest and the South in April, killing hundreds of people and devastating many regions. Meanwhile, flooding in the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys -- largely the byproduct of torrential rains -- has left many local residents in search of higher ground."
"(CNN) -- Han Han is China's rebel writer who has become the unofficial voice for his generation. As a teenager the 27-year-old began writing novels about angst-ridden characters that proved tremendously popular with China's angsty youth. But it is his blog that has propelled him to celebrity status in China and earned him the accolade as one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people of 2009. He's been touted as mouthpiece for the ""post-80's generation""; China's youth who have grown up during the country's economic boom and are often characterized as apolitical and consumer-obsessed. Blogging about issues such as the Chinese government's handling of the Sichuan earthquake of 2008 and recent spate of school stabbings, Han Han is savvy enough to know the limits of what he can and can't write about. ""Even though the Chinese government has improved on the freedom of speech front in recent years, writing is still rather dangerous, so it's quite difficult to strike this balance,"" he told CNN. ""But I believe you still need to try despite these difficulties. The situation only improves when there are more people trying; if no one is trying, it only gets more and more difficult."" With boyish good-looks and a rebel's cred (he dropped out of high-school and races rally cars) he's become one of China's more popular and recognizable bloggers, where the Internet is an increasingly popular forum for self-expression. For Jeremy Goldkorn, a China media commentator, Han's attitude combined with his writing helps strike a chord with millions of China's disaffected youth. ""What separates Han Han from the other popular bloggers is, I think... he's got attitude. He is provocative and he reflects some of the anxieties that young people feel about the way China is today,"" said Goldkorn. He may be outspoken but Han is not an activist in the vein of human rights and freedom of speech campaigner Liu Xiabao, who was jailed in 2009. Coming from a different generation from Han sees himself more aligned with artists rather than political iconoclasts. ""I'm not asking or requesting much -- I just hope that all the people in arts, all the literati, painters, and directors can work in an unregulated and uncensored environment,"" he said. ""But to be honest, the Chinese government and Chinese officials aren't as scary or as evil as what outsiders perceive. Their thinking process is a bit old-fashioned and stupid, but not evil. Except towards people who they believe might threaten the government, of course this relates mostly to many political events in the past."""
"Beirut, Lebanon (CNN) -- The leaders of Lebanon and Syria vowed to improve cooperation between their two countries Sunday, tying up a meeting aimed at thawing frozen relations. ""We want to open new horizons between the two states,"" Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri said at a news conference at the end of the two-day meeting, which happened in Damascus, Syria. ""We had good and excellent discussions based on mutual clarity and honesty,"" he added. ""We are betting on a better future for both countries and peoples, in economy, trade as well as all other levels."" Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was not at the news conference. Official Syrian news agency SANA reported that both al-Assad and Hariri ""saw the visit as a starting point to restore cooperation between the governments of Syria and Lebanon."" ""Both sides agreed that the institutions and ministries in both countries directly coordinate and communicate to remove all obstacles to the cooperation on all levels,"" SANA reported. Hariri has previously blamed Syria for the 2005 assassination of his father, Rafik Hariri, a former Lebanese leader who was a prominent figure opposing Syria's continuing presence inside Lebanon. A United Nations investigation found indications of Syrian involvement, but Syria denies responsibility. A U.N.-backed tribunal has been created to investigate the killing. The two leaders did not discuss that issue or the assassinations of other anti-Syrian figures in Lebanon, Hariri said Sunday. They also did not discuss requests by a Syrian court to question Lebanese officials. Asked whether any guarantees were exchanged regarding the Lebanese-Syrian relationship, Hariri responded, ""I don't want to go into details."" He added that the meeting proves ""a relationship is being built in both countries' interest and in the benefit of future openness."" A popular uprising after the elder Hariri's killing in 2005 helped lead to the withdrawal of Syrian forces after almost 30 years of military and political domination of Lebanon. Under international pressure, Syria opened an embassy in Beirut almost a year ago, and a Lebanese ambassador arrived in Damascus a short while later. It was the first time the two foes established diplomatic ties since their independence more than six decades ago. The United States, which also accused Syria of involvement in Rafik Hariri's assassination, withdrew its ambassador four years ago. President Obama decided to make an effort toward reconciliation and announced earlier this year that he was returning a U.S. diplomat to Damascus."
"By . Emma Thomas . PUBLISHED: . 09:48 EST, 1 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:16 EST, 1 November 2013 . Women collapsed at a factory in Karachi after an exorcism to get rid of 'evil spirits' in their workplace. 24 workers fell unconscious as the owners of the Landhi garments factory tried to get rid of a 'genie' they believed was haunting the building. 'The factory seemed to be overtaken by a genie or evil spirit as many of my co-workers have experienced mysterious incidents in the past,' claimed Farzana Naseem, who arrived with an unconscious colleague in an ambulance. One of the women is helped on to an ambulance after falling unconscious during the exorcism . Karachi: The workers collapsed at the Landhi garment factory, Karachi. It is thought they were overcome by mass hysteria . 'A spiritualist was called to this morning by the factory owners to get rid of the suspected ""jinns"" but as soon as he began reciting different verses, the workers began falling unconscious while others ran out shouting and screaming for help.' Emergency services were called to the Casual Sports Wear factory, in Landhi Export Processing Zone, to take the employees to Jinnah hospital. The rescue workers say there was no supernatural presence in the building and the staff's illness was down to a gas leak which caused the workers to faint. Hysteria: An exorcist had been called in to rid the building of 'evil spirits' but doctors ruled out any supernatural influence at the factory . However, doctors and psychiatrists, who treated the patients, refuted the claims of a gas leak, the Express Tribune reported. They say some of the workers developed a temporary neurological condition, most likely out of fear of the exorcism, leading to a mass hysteria. 'I do not believe the workers were possessed,' said Dr Seemin Jamali, Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre deputy executive director, 'But this hysteric influence might have played out as a ripple effect.' There was chaos in the hospital as patients insisted they were possessed. But . the doctors and paramedics carried out medical examinations and found . all the vitals of the workers were sound, including a normal oxygen . levels. Dr Jamali blamed the rescue workers for the commotion. 'These . workers, mostly uneducated and uninformed about medical conditions, . caused a ruckus at the hospital based on their assessment of a poisonous . gas,' she said."
"(CNN) -- Mark Foster fired a six-under-par 66 in foggy conditions to lead the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles and keep his Seve Trophy hopes alive. The 36-year-old Englishman is keen to take part in the team tournament, named after Spanish legend Seve Ballesteros, when Britain and Ireland take on Continental Europe in September. Foster beat Tiger Woods in the amateur Walker Cup 16 years ago and his impressive round in Scotland kept him on course for a return to team competition. ""I've been trying hard all year to make it and if it comes around it will be a massive thing for me,"" he told the European Tour's official web site. Foster fired eight birdies and two bogeys in foggy conditions to lead by a shot from Spaniard Ignacio Garrido and Tano Goya, from Argentina. Foster came close to winning both the BMW International and French Open in recent months and lost out on the 2010 Open de Espana by dropping two shots in the final two holes. ""I learned a lot from that,"" he said. ""I would say I lost that tournament through nerves really, just not controlling myself. ""But I think it took that week for me to be able to play the way I've been playing at the moment, where I have more belief in myself and know I can do it. I think I'm a better person and a better player."" Play began over two hours later than scheduled because of the fog, meaning not all of the field managed to finish their opening round. Garrido did, though, and was pleased to be sitting just one off the lead. He said: ""I think anything under par around here is a good score. Today the course is playing long, with all of the rain, the ball was running nothing, so it was quite long. ""I think the key was that I played very solid, just hit most of the fairways, most of the greens, and took my chances. I never really got in trouble and that's probably what is the main thing to do here."" Europe's 2010 Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie finished on one-under while Jose Maria Olazabal, who will take over the role in 2012, ended on one-over."
"(CNN) -- A 9-year-old girl was laid to rest Wednesday as a 15-year-old girl, described as an acquaintance, was in court on charges she carried out the younger girl's murder . Elizabeth Olten was coming home from a friend's house last week in St. Martins, Missouri, when she disappeared. Distraught residents searched for days for Olten without luck, when the Cole County Sheriff's Department received a tip that led them to the alleged killer. It didn't lead them to a stranger, a child predator or a convicted sex offender -- avenues police had originally considered because of Olten's age . Instead, it led them to a 15-year-old girl who, according to Peggy Florence, a family spokeswoman, had played with Olten. The girl then led police to the body -- which was found in an area authorities searched before, the sheriff's department said, but was hidden so well they hadn't seen it. Authorities said both physical evidence and some written evidence led to the suspect's arrest. She has been charged with first-degree murder. On Wednesday, Olten's family looked towards closure as two drastically different scenes unfolded in Missouri. Olten's family and friends watched as two white horses pulled her casket in a glass hearse. Hours earlier, a judge had ordered the 15-year-old suspect to be held while he decides whether she should be tried in adult court. Authorities have not released the suspect's name. Authorities released few details about the case, though they said an autopsy was conducted Saturday. The Olten family spent the day of Elizabeth's funeral remembering a very special little girl and mourning their loss, choosing to celebrate her life, instead of attending the court hearing of the teen accused of killing her. After the funeral ceremony, they released pink balloons, in honor of Elizabeth Olten's favorite color. For them, it was about their little girl -- the one who was always ready with a bright smile. ""She wanted to be a mother, she wanted to love others and take care of others,"" family spokeswoman Florence told HLN's Nancy Grace. ""She was just a lovely child -- she never met an animal she didn't love and dress up and play with."" She loved to dress up and put on fancy dresses, Florence said, even in the snow and the mud. ""She was a beautiful little girly girl,"" Florence said. ""She had everyone's heart."""
"(CNN) -- World number one Novak Djokovic could face Roger Federer in the semifinals of the U.S Open after the pair were grouped in the same side of the draw Thursday. Djokovic, the top seed, has lost only twice in 2011, and has already clinched the Australian Open and Wimbledon titles this season. He has been drawn to play a qualifier in round one. Switzerland's Federer, who has clinched glory at Flushing Meadows on five previous occasions, begins his campaign with a clash against Colombian Santiago Giraldo. Defending champion and second seed Rafael Nadal will face Andrey Golubev of Kazakhstan as the Spaniard goes in search of an 11th career major. Is Wozniacki feeling the weight of world number one? Nadal told the U.S. Open's official web site: ""I feel great. I am here, and I will try my best. Last year was a really emotional year for me. ""It was the tournament I didn't play my best in the past. Last year, I played one of my best matches in the final. I finally won."" British number one Andy Murray, defeated by Djokovic in January's Australian Open final, will come up against Somdev Devvarman of India. The top-ranked American in the draw is Mardy Fish, and the 29-year-old eighth seed will look to eliminate German Tobias Kamke in the opening round. The 2009 U.S. Open winner Juan Martin del Potro will go head-to-head with Italy's Filippo Volandri. In the women's draw, first seed Caroline Wozniacki will begin her latest attempt to capture a maiden grand slam crown against Spain's Nuria Llagostera Vives. Vera Zvonareva, ranked second in the world, has been drawn against a qualifier, while 2006 winner Maria Sharapova has been paired with Britain's Heather Watson. Li Na, winner of the French Open, will have to get the better of Romania's Simona Halep, while Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is up against another Romanian Alexandra Dulghera. Serena Williams has claimed victory at this event three times during her career, and her latest title tilt will commence against Serb Bojana Jovanovski."
(Mashable)  -- Microsoft has just announced the 17 games that will be available on launch day with Kinect for Xbox 360, the tech giant's highly anticipated controller-free gaming system. Kinect, which launches on November 4, is Microsoft's answer to the Nintendo Wii's motion controllers, which helped turn that console into one of this generation's most popular gaming devices. Both Sony and Microsoft have been playing catch-up with the PlayStation Move and Kinect, respectively. Seventeen Kinect-enabled games will be available when the device makes its debut next month. Here's the full list: . Kinect Adventures: This is the game that is included with every Kinect device. It helps introduce gamers to the Kinect interface, letting them transverse the rapids, float around in space and challenge their friends to races, among other minigames. Kinectimals: Think Nintendogs, but with no controller. Game Party: In Motion: This includes a collection of party minigames like Darts. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 The Videogame: You can now control Harry's magic with your hands. Your Shape: Fitness Evolved: A fitness game from Ubisoft that is similar to Wii Fit. Dance Central: This game, made by the creators of Rock Band, tracks your dance moves. We've heard good things about this one. The Biggest Loser Ultimate Workout: A game from THQ based on the TV show. DanceMasters: Konami's version of getting your groove down. EA SPORTS Active 2: A fitness game with body tracking, heart rate data and the ability to share workout data. EA has gone all-out with this game, which sort of explains its $100 price tag. Zumba Fitness: See a pattern yet? This is a dance fitness game. Kinect Sports: Microsoft's version of Wii Sports. MotionSports: This game from Ubisoft includes live in-game commentary and 40+ sports challenges. DECA SPORTS FREEDOM: While this game only has 10 sporting events, there is a focus on making it feel as real as possible. Figure skating should be interesting. Kinect Joy Ride: Controller-free kart racing. ADRENALIN MISFITS: This racing/battle game focuses on fantasy worlds. Fighters Uncaged: Fulfill your Fight Club fantasy without the bloody concussions and stitches. SONIC FREE RIDERS: Yup, Sega is bringing Sonic the Hedgehog to Kinect. What do you think of Kinect's launch day lineup? Let us know in the comments.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
"Rome, Italy (CNN)  -- ""The devil tempts everyone -- people in politics, in economics, in sport. And naturally, he tempts, above all, the religious leaders, so you shouldn't be surprised if the devil tempts those in the Vatican. That's his job."" Father Gabriele Amorth isn't speaking metaphorically when he says that. The 85-year-old priest means people can be tempted and literally possessed by Satan. ""It's not my opinion: I'm saying that if you believe in the Gospels, you believe in the existence of the devil, in the devil's power to possess people,"" he said in an interview with CNN. The faithful believe ""that there are people possessed by the devil, and ... in the power of exorcism to liberate from the devil,"" he said. And as the chief exorcist of the Roman Catholic Church, it's his job to expel the devil when someone is possessed. Amorth, the founder of the International Association of Exorcists, has performed more than 70,000 exorcisms in his career, he estimates. But there is a difference between possession -- where the devil takes hold of someone's body and actions -- and temptation, where Satan lures a person into doing evil, he said. As a child abuse scandal sweeps across Europe, with accusations being made against priests in Ireland, Germany, Austria and the Netherlands, Amorth said the pedophiles are tempted, not possessed. He has never done an exorcism on a child molester, he said. ""I have carried out exorcisms on some priests who had been molested by the devil,"" he said, without going into details. ""But cases of pedophilia exorcised, no. ... Pedophiles are not possessed by the devil, they are tempted by the devil,"" he said. ""They don't need exorcism, they need to be converted, to be converted to God, that's what they need. They need to confess, they need true penitence, true repentance, that's what they need. They're not possessed."" But no one is too strong a believer to be possessed, said Amorth, who is employed by the Roman diocese. ""Nothing occurs without the permission of God, and he allows even holy people, even saints, to be possessed by the devil,"" he said. But, he added, he sees no evil in the Vatican today: ""I just see good people in the Vatican. People of prayer, holy people, I don't see any evil."""
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Honey has been used to treat wounds since ancient times, but recent years have seen a surge of medical interest in the sticky stuff. Research has shown that honey has antibacterial properties. Manuka honey has been the subject of particular interest, with the results of a study just published by Sydney University finding that it has powerful antibacterial properties, and is even effective against antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Associate Professor Dee Carter, from Sydney University's School of Molecular and Microbial Biosciences said: ""Our research is the first to clearly show that these honey-based products could in many cases replace antibiotic creams on wounds and equipment such as catheters. Using honey as an intermediate treatment could also prolong the life of antibiotics."" ""Most bacteria that cause infections in hospitals are resistant to at least one antibiotic, and there is an urgent need for new ways to treat and control surface infections."" She added: ""We don't quite know how these honeys prevent and kill infections, but a compound in them called methylglyoxal seems to interact with a number of other unknown compounds in honey to prevent infectious bacteria developing new strains that are resistant to it."" Honey is a complex substance, containing up to 800 compounds and its complexity means it has been difficult to pinpoint exactly how it kills bacteria. Manuka is a type of honey that is made by bees pollinating the flowers of the Manuka bush, a member of the Leptospermum family that grows naturally in New Zealand. Now, an Australian company is claiming to have produced the world's most potent medical-grade antibacterial honey, made by bees pollinating the Australian jellybush, also a member of the Leptospermum family. Australia's Medi Bioactive Honey Company claims its Berringa antibacterial honey has twice the antibacterial content of normal manuka honey, and has launched the product in the UK. Dr Rose Cooper of the University of Wales Cardiff School of Health Sciences has researched honey's antibacterial action and has written a book called ""Honey in Modern Wounds Management."" Cooper told CNN that there are many components in honey that contribute to its antibacterial nature. She says its high sugar content, low water content and low pH are all factors. Additionally, some honey produces hydrogen peroxide, which can kill bacteria. Since 2004, Britain's National Health Service has licensed the use of manuka-honey wound dressings and sterilized medical grade manuka-honey creams."
"(CNN) -- Spanish club Villarreal will wait until the end of this season to appoint a permanent new manager after deciding to give reserve coach Juan Carlos Garrido the reins on a short-term basis. The 40-year-old takes over from Ernesto Valverde, who was relieved of his duties following Sunday night's 2-0 home defeat by Osasuna. Garrido has been appointed despite ""The Yellow Submarine"" being linked with former Getafe coach Michael Laudrup, with the team 10th in La Liga after last year's impressive fifth placing and having been knocked out of the Copa Del Rey by second division Celta Vigo. Valverde, who moved to El Madrigal after Manuel Pellegrini joined Real Madrid in June, bid a sad farewell to his players on Monday. ""I've come to say goodbye to the team. It's a different and hard situation for me. The club decided that we wouldn't continue at the helm of Villarreal,"" he told reporters. ""I came with a lot of excitement because it was the team I wanted to train and it is true that things, from the beginning, did not happen as we all hoped. ""It's certain that we haven't played very well in the past two or three games and that the elimination from the Copa did us a lot of damage and also yesterday the team were bad, and I can only say that the only person responsible is me. ""I am the visible head of the team, the club made a decision and I have to accept it."" Meanwhile, struggling Real Valladolid sacked coach Jose Luis Mendilibar on Monday, making him the seventh managerial casualty of the Spanish top-flight season. The 48-year-old had kept the club in La Liga for two seasons after a record-breaking promotion-winning campaign, but Sunday night's 1-1 draw with lowly Almeria left his team just one point above the relegation zone. Reserve-team coach Onesimo Sanchez takes over a team who have won just three times in the last 31 league outings, with the announcement made as Valladolid unveiled new loan signing Asier del Horno. The 29-year-old former Athletic Bilbao and Chelsea defender, a 10-time Spain international, could make his debut against his parent club Valencia on Saturday."
"(CNN) -- The L.A. Lakers beat the Boston Celtics 102-89 in the first match of the NBA finals in Los Angeles on Thursday night, as they attempt to defend the title they won last year. L.A.'s star guard Kobe Bryant -- who is aiming to win the NBA title for the fifth time in his career -- scored 30 points to take his side to victory over their east-coast rivals. The Lakers led from the start and had a five point lead after the first quarter, which they increased to 20 points with just 10 minutes left to play. The match marked their 12th consecutive win at home in the post-season and they will now host the second game of the best-of seven match series on Sunday 6 June, before play moves to Boston. Spanish center Pau Gasol played a key role in the first-match for the west-coast team, scoring 23 points. ""Pau played a big game tonight. His movement and his activity was important,"" Lakers head coach Phil Jackson told the team's official Web site. Andrew Bynum -- who despite suffering with a right knee injury prior to the match which threatened his place in the team -- also contributed to the Lakers win, finishing with 10 points. ""It was great to have Andrew,"" team-mate Gasol told the official Lakers Web site. ""Obviously he was a big factor tonight. Really contributed in different ways, and we want to see him as much as possible out there."" And after crashing with the Celtics Paul Pierce in the opening 27 seconds of the game and receiving a double technical foul, Ron Arrest went on to score 15 for his team. The Celtics did fight back in the closing stages but even an impressive run of 12 points in 27 minutes from Ray Allen came too late to halt their L.A. rivals. Veteran Celtics player Kevin Garret -- a previous winner of the NBA title -- could also not help his team, missing an open lay-up in the last few minutes of play and only scoring seven. ""We didn't come out with that fire that we've been showing these playoffs,"" Celtics forward Tony Allen -- who scored a team-high 24 points for his team in the match -- told the official NBA Web site. ""They out hustled us I don't think we took that first punch like we should have."" It is the 12th time that the Lakers and the Celtics have come face to the face in the NBA finals - the last meeting in 2008 when the Celtics claimed victory four games to two. However, the Lakers are the defending champions having beat Orlando last year."
"(CNN) -- Debra Lafave, the former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student, violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker, a Florida judge found Thursday. Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager. She is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18. But the judge did not send Lafave to jail, saying the violation was ""not willful and substantial."" ""Please don't come back,"" he scolded. Dressed in a tailored, black pantsuit, Lafave said she had ""innocent"" physical contact with a female co-worker she knew as under age 18.  Watch Lafave in the courtroom  . At the time, she and the 17-year-old hostess worked at Danny Boy's, a small restaurant in the Tampa, Florida, area. Lafave, 27, pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation. Lafave was required to register as a sex offender and ordered not to have any contact with minors. A tracking device she carries as part of her probation went off in court, prompting the prosecutor to observe, ""I think she's accounted for."" Lafave acknowledged she was aware that hugs and other forms of physical contact -- as well as conversations about sex -- with minors violated terms of her probation. She referred to the sexually explicit conversations at work as just ""girl talk."" Lafave denied talking about her sex life with co-workers. ""I don't speak that way about my personal life,"" she said. But she added that her co-workers spoke freely about sex in a ""small group setting."" While other co-workers socialized outside work, Lafave said, the 17-year-old was not included in those outings. Asked why she hugged the young co-worker, Lafave explained it was a small restaurant with a casual atmosphere where co-workers felt like family. The contact came, she said, ""out of my good nature, that's the way it worked."" The contacts that led to Thursday's probation violation hearing first surfaced during two polygraph tests administered as part of Lafave's court-ordered supervision. She received a verbal reprimand a year ago, according to testimony. When the behavior continued, her probation officer asked a judge to find her in violation. She was ordered to quit the restaurant job and now works as a receptionist in her mother's beauty shop. In the past, Lafave has said she suffers from bipolar disorder and is receiving treatment. E-mail to a friend ."
"New York (CNN) -- South Carolina's first lady, Jenny Sanford, said Monday that writing her much-anticipated memoir of her husband's affair was a ""cathartic"" and ""cleansing"" experience. In an interview on CNN's ""Larry King Live,"" Sanford called ""Staying True"" -- which hit bookstores Friday -- ""an honest account of the values I hold dear."" It was her husband Gov. Mark Sanford's loss of values that she blames on his much-publicized affair with an Argentine woman that was exposed by reporters after he disappeared for several days last summer. Staffers said he was hiking the Appalachian Trail, but he later admitted he was actually visiting his mistress in Argentina. ""It saddens me because I believed in him and a number of people believed in him,"" Jenny Sanford said Monday. ""I still believe he was a good person. ... Somewhere along the lines, he got off track,"" she said. ""He can get back on track, but it's too late for the marriage."" Jenny Sanford, who filed for divorce in December, said the divorce could be final as early as the end of this month. She said she found out about the affair in January 2009 when she discovered a letter her husband had written to his mistress. ""It was awful,"" she said. ""I literally was in shock. My stomach felt gut-punched."" She said there had been warning signs, but she ""never expected anything like this."" ""I felt in some respects that we had lost something that we would never get back,"" even as she initially considered staying with him, she said. ""Nobody takes a 20-year marriage and decides in [a] snap minute to throw it away,"" she said. ""I came to the decision very prayerfully and carefully over a number of months."" Sanford, 47, moved out of the governor's mansion with their four boys in June. She has said through the entire ordeal that her priority is her children. ""The kids are resilient, and we're back at home settling into a new, normal routine,"" she said of her sons, ages 11-17. ""I feel like they're going to do great."" Asked whether she knows whether her husband is still seeing the Argentine woman, Jenny Sanford says she doesn't know and doesn't want to ask. ""I'm just moving on,"" she said. ""I want to stay happy and positive and raise the kids to the best of my ability."""
"Havana (CNN) -- More than 50 years after the fact, Cuba has published the diary that Ernesto ""Che"" Guevara kept during the armed struggle that he waged alongside Fidel Castro from the Sierra Maestra mountains. ""Diary of a Combatant"" recounts Guevara's experiences from coming ashore in Cuba on December 2, 1956, until shortly before the bearded rebels declared victory January 1, 1959. According to Guevara's widow, Aleida March, the goal is ""to show his work, his thoughts, his life, so that the Cuban people and the entire world get to know him and don't distort things anymore."" The book was edited by the Che Guevara Studies Center, which is directed by March, and published by Australia's Ocean Press/Ocean Sur. Researchers said that Guevara kept his diary in hand-written notebooks and that part of the reason they put off publishing the diary was because some of the notebooks were missing. ""Where are the notebooks? We dont know, and there are a lot of different versions,"" Maria del Carmen Ariet, a leading researcher from the Che Guevara Studies Center, said at a press conference to launch the book. But she also said that much of the material was included in ""Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War,"" a more polished account of his time in the Sierra Maestra mountains that Guevara published in 1963. ""We'd have to ask if he really wanted the 'Diary of a Combatant' published,"" she said. Some of Guevara's other diaries have been commercially successful, most notably ""The Motorcycle Diaries,"" the memoir of a 23-year-old medical student on a road trip in Latin America. Guevara was born in Argentina in 1928 and met Castro in 1955 in Mexico City, where he was plotting his return to Cuba to overthrow Fulgencio Batista. During the guerrilla fighting in the mountains, Guevara was the first subordinate to be promoted to the rank of ""comandante"" by Castro. He went on to become Cuba's Central Bank chief before heading to Africa and then Bolivia to continue armed struggles. He was killed in 1967."
"Christchurch, New Zealand (CNN) -- The death toll from the 6.3-magnitude earthquake that struck Christchurch this week has risen to 113, police said Friday morning. More people are feared dead, and more than 200 are still missing, police said. Police Superintendent Dave Cliff told reporters that he had ""grave fears"" for the missing and authorities were having difficulty identifying victims because of the condition of the bodies found. The somber announcement came as authorities carried out more house-to-house searches in a desperate hunt for survivors. The quake struck Tuesday, toppling buildings, buckling streets and ripping the facades of iconic churches, including the Christchurch Cathedral and the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament. A series of aftershocks followed. Officials said they had given up hope of rescuing at least 100 people who were trapped in the Canterbury TV building in downtown Christchurch. Police said they were ""100% certain"" no one in the building was still alive. Authorities fear that trapped occupants in another structure, the Pyne Gould Corp. Building, are also dead. Among those missing were 27 Japanese students, Japan's foreign ministry said. Most of them were students at language schools, and five were on personal study trips. Kento Okuda, a Japanese student who was pulled from the rubble of the Toyoma Foreign Language College, told Japan's Asahi Shimbun newspaper that he was having lunch on the fourth-floor cafeteria when the floor gave way. As he and others lay trapped under debris, the students shouted out to each other to get a count of how many of them were alive, Okuda told the newspaper. Many of their fellow Japanese students did not respond. But there have some rare rays of hope in the rescue efforts. One was Anne Vos who was rescued Wednesday from the rubble of the Pyne Gould building in the central business district, according to Australian and New Zealand media. Vos was able to call family members from her cell phone while covered by rubble. ""A couple of hours ago, I thought I'd had it,"" she told New Zealand network TV3 Tuesday. ""I thought it was 'Goodbye Anne.' "" Like some 430 people who have been admitted to emergency rooms since the quake, Vos was taken to a hospital to recuperate. Southern New Zealand has been hit by a series of quakes since September 4 when a 7.1-magnitude temblor struck the area. There were no deaths from that quake, which struck deeper below ground and farther away from Christchurch. Tuesday's earthquake was part of the ""aftershock sequence"" from the September earthquake, the U.S. Geological Survey said. CNN's Anna Coren contributed to this report."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Lt. Gen. Martin Dempsey, the acting commander of U.S. Central Command, spent Wednesday in Beirut, Lebanon, to discuss the security crisis with officials there and assure them that U.S. military aid will continue, a U.S. military official said. The Lebanese army has been out in force in Beirut following battles between pro- and anti-government forces . He met Defense Minister Elias Murr and Lt. Gen. Michel Suleiman, the commander of the Lebanese armed forces in the wake of the Lebanese government losing control of part of its capital to the militant group Hezbollah. The trip had not previously been scheduled. It is not clear when it was added to the agenda of the top U.S. military commander for the region. Discussions centered on continued U.S. military assistance to the Lebanese armed forces in light of the ongoing crisis. ""The U.S. government will continue to support the legitimate institutions of the Lebanese government and the Lebanese people as they seek to preserve their independence and security,"" the military official said. For the last several years, the Defense Department has supplied Lebanese armed forces with ammunition, armored vehicles and weapons. The Lebanese army said Tuesday that it will use force if necessary against armed groups, acting after at least 62 people were killed as anti-government Hezbollah militants battled supporters of Lebanon's pro-Western government while the military largely stayed on the sidelines, declining to intervene. The army reversed its stance Tuesday, saying it would take steps up to and including the use of force in response to ""security activity and military presence,"" an apparent reference to public activity by armed groups. The violence is the worst to hit Lebanon since the end of its civil war in 1991. It started in Beirut, but quickly spread to nearby mountain villages in the Mount Lebanon area and to Tripoli. Pro- and anti-government political parties in Tripoli announced a cease-fire Monday night that seemed to be holding -- at least in the hours immediately after the announcement. Meanwhile, several Western and Middle East nations have lined up to support an Arab League effort to intervene in the political crisis. An Arab League delegation is scheduled to arrive in Lebanon this week in hope of negotiating an agreement between the Lebanese government and the Shiite Hezbollah movement."
"LEONE, American Samoa (CNN) -- Another earthquake struck Wednesday near the Samoan islands, an area already devastated by earthquake and tsunami damage which killed more than 130 people. A traditional Samoan fale is destroyed Wednesday in the devastated village of Leone. The 5.5-magnitude earthquake occurred at 6:13 p.m. Wednesday evening (1:13 a.m. Thursday ET), according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The quake's epicenter was 10 km (6 miles) deep in the Pacific Ocean about 121 miles (194 km) from the city of Apia, Samoa. The quake did not trigger a tsunami warning, according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center. It followed an 8.0-magnitude earthquake which hit the small cluster of Samoan islands early Tuesday triggering a tsunami. At least 139 people are confirmed dead as a consequence of Tuesday's quake and tsunami. They include 22 people killed in American Samoa, 110 in Samoa and seven in Tonga, according to officials on the islands. A huge emergency effort was continuing late Wednesday in the Samoan islands and officials warned that the death toll could rise as rescue workers start to reach outlying villages and discover new casualties. Watch the tsunami take over the street  . Survivors like Ropati Opa were trying to find ways to cope. The massive waves had destroyed his home, store and gas station in the village of Leone on the southwest coast of American Samoa. With tears in his eyes, he said ""I don't have a house. I don't have a car. I don't have money. I lost everything yesterday. But thank God I am alive."" iReport.com: Witness describes tsunami hitting land . U.S. President Barack Obama addressed the disaster at an event Wednesday in Washington. ""To aid in the response,"" he said, ""I've declared this a major disaster to speed the deployment of resources and FEMA ... is working closely with emergency responders on the ground, and the Coast Guard is working to provide immediate help to those in need. ""We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region, and we'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers,"" Obama said. Journalist Jeff DePonte contributed to this report."
"(Rolling Stone) -- In February, when Ben Harper, Joseph Arthur and Dhani Harrison arrived at the Carriage House studio in Los Angeles' Silverlake neighborhood, they had three days booked and zero songs to record. ""I thought I was going there to add some guitars or harmonies on Joseph's album,"" says Harrison, who was invited to the session by Harper, whom he befriended at a skate park in Santa Monica. ""When I got to the studio, I saw Joe and asked, 'What songs are we going to do?' He said we hadn't written them yet."" After three long days, the trio had recorded the nine acoustic tracks that make up ""As I Call You Down"" -- and called themselves Fistful of Mercy, after the track of the same name. ""I never thought we'd pull off an entire album, [I thought] maybe we'd get an EP,"" says Harper, who credits Arthur as the catalyst who pushed for three songs a day. ""The three of us were able to create something we never could have done on our own."" With three acoustic guitars and three microphones, the team worked out musical arrangements, and then retreated to different corners of the studio to write. ""We were each others' lyric police,"" says Arthur. (""It was very 'Wilbury' style,"" says Harrison, whose late father George was a member of the Travelin' Wilburys.) Many times, Harrison threw out lyrical themes for inspiration. ""Things Go 'Round"" is a throwback to John Lennon's ""Instant Karma,"" imagining a world where people are immediately accountable for their actions. When Harrison called for a blues number, the trio quickly drafted ""My Father's Son."" Says Arthur: ""It's really about the three of our voices, and the harmonies. We're basically singing together the whole time."" With nine acoustic and vocal tracks completed, Harrison was determined to ratchet the music up to another level. He instinctively called the legendary session drummer Jim Keltner, an old family friend. ""I'd never done anything that I thought was worthy of calling Jim,"" says Harrison. ""We had an emotional conversation on the phone, and he heard some of the stuff we'd done, and he said he'd do it."" Keltner overdubbed percussion, Arthur added bass, and Harper (who calls Keltner the ""Dalai Lama of the drums"") added some slide guitar. ""These guys are so talented,"" says Harrison of his bandmates, who will all hit the road together in October. ""I can't believe I get to call them my musical brothers."" Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- A German woman held hostage in Iraq since February has been freed, but her son was still being held, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Wednesday. An image taken from a video issued in April shows Hannelore Marianne Krause and her son Sinan. The woman, Hannelore Marianne Krause, was taken to Germany's embassy in Baghdad after being taken captive with her adult son 155 days earlier. Steinmeier said he was ""very relieved"" Krause was released on Tuesday, yet there still remains ""a great deal of uncertainty"" about her son, who ""remains in captivity."" ""Rest assured we will do everything in our power to reach her son, Sinan,"" the foreign minister said. In early March, Iraqi militants holding Krause and her son hostage demanded that Germany withdraw its troops from Afghanistan to ensure their safety. As part of NATO's Afghanistan force, Germany sent about 3,000 troops in the relatively peaceful northern part of the country. German troops also help train Iraqi soldiers and police, but not in Iraq. The Arrows of Righteousness group posted video clips on the Internet, threatening to kill the two in 10 days if Berlin did not comply. CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the video. In it, the woman identified as Krause urged German Chancellor Angela Merkel to heed the demands. A passport with Krause's name was shown in the video. While sitting next to her son, Krause tells Merkel, ""These people want to kill my son in front of my eyes, and then they'll kill me, if the German troops did not withdraw out of Afghanistan."" She and her son clutch each other and cry as they speak while three militants, two armed with large assault rifles, stand behind the pair. ""They are not joking, and they'll kill us. I am very tired. Please help me. Take any decision or we will be killed."" Reading a prepared statement, one of the militants says, ""We have warned you. Otherwise you will not see their bodies."" ""Muslims are all one nation, and have one religion. It is not acceptable that Germany leads the coalition troops in Afghanistan, and attacks the secured villages and claim it is not fighting in Iraq."" E-mail to a friend . CNN's Diana Magnay contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The owner of a taxidermy school in Blanco, Texas, says he's been receiving more phone calls and attention than he'd like over the identity of a dead roughly 30-pound, mostly hairless coyote-like creature. This strange creature has sparked a media frenzy in Blanco, Texas. ""I don't know what it is. ... I do know that I have an odd animal,"" Jerry Ayer said Thursday. He said word spread quickly that he was in possession of an unknown animal -- often speculated in his region to be chupacabras, or mythical creatures, he said. Soon, the local, national and even international media picked up on what he said could be a ""genetically defective coyote."" ""Chupacabra"" roughly translates from Spanish to ""goat sucker."" Reported victims are said to have puncture wounds to their necks, supposedly where the chupacabra drained their blood.  Watch people examine mystery creature  . ""I don't believe in the chupacabra,"" Ayer said, adding that he's been in the midst of a ""media blitz"" -- receiving 50 phone calls from media outlets and citizens, as well as death threats late at night -- since word got out about the strange beast. ""It's been rough on me,"" he said. ""I'm almost at the point where I'm going to take my sign down and hide under a rock somewhere."" He said he received the body from a former student whose cousin owns the barn where the creature succumbed to poison left for rodents. Before he knew it, he said, word spread that he had a chupacabra. Ayers, who doesn't hunt and regards himself as a wildlife artist, said he intends to stuff and mount the animal. He said Texas A&M University has taken tissue samples to determine exactly what it is, and other universities have also reached out to him. ""It'll probably end up in a museum,"" he said. He's hopeful the attention will soon die down. ""There's no way I could teach with this,"" he said, explaining that his school, Blanco Taxidermy School, generally gives one-on-one instruction in the town of about 1,500 people about 50 miles west of Austin. ""I'm unable to do any of that right now just because of the media frenzy,"" he said."
"Washington (CNN) -- Washington Wizards point guard Gilbert Arenas admits he drew guns in the team locker room in a highly publicized December 21 incident, but says he was only kidding around. ""I took the unloaded guns out in a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate,"" Arenas said in a statement released Monday. ""Contrary to some press accounts, I never threatened or assaulted anyone with the guns and never pointed them at anyone. Joke or not, I now recognize that what I did was a mistake and was wrong."" Citing NBA sources last month, the New York Post reported that Arenas and Javaris Crittenton both brandished firearms in the team's locker room. Authorities continue to investigate the incident. Crittenton's agent, Mark Bartelstein, told CNN Monday that his client ""hasn't done anything wrong. I'm extremely confident he'll be exonerated."" Asked if Crittenton brought a gun into the Verizon Center that day, Bartelstein said, ""I'm not going to get into details."" He said Crittenton has not met with authorities, nor has such a meeting been requested or scheduled. Arenas, a three-time NBA All-Star, spent Monday afternoon in a voluntary meeting with federal prosecutors at the U.S. Attorney's Office in Washington and with D.C. metropolitan police about the incident, according to his attorney, Kenneth L. Wainstein. ""From the outset of this incident, Mr. Arenas has been fully cooperative with the investigation,"" Wainstein said in a statement, noting that Arenas relinquished the guns to Wizards security officers and met with authorities to ""tell the full story."" ""Over the course of a two-hour interview this afternoon, Mr. Arenas answered every question asked of him,"" Wainstein said in Monday's statement. A spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office declined to comment on Arenas' statement, citing the ongoing investigation. Arenas said he told authorities that he stored four unloaded guns in his locker the Verizon Center to keep them away from his children. Arenas said he told authorities that he stored four unloaded guns in his locker the Verizon Center to keep them away from his children. ""I brought them without any ammunition into the District of Columbia, mistakenly believing that the recent change in the DC gun laws allowed a person to store unloaded guns in the District,"" he said in the statement. He offered a public apology to the league, his teammates and his fans, saying, ""I promise to do better in the future."" NBA spokesman Tim Frank declined to comment on Arenas' comments, deferring to an earlier statement: ""There is an active investigation by DC law enforcement authorities, which we are monitoring closely. We are not taking any independent action at this time."""
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Zimbabwe's inflation rate has soared in the past three months and is now at 11.2 million percent, the highest in the world, according to the country's Central Statistical Office. Zimbabwe's inflation rate has soared to a world high. Official figures dated Monday show inflation has surged from the rate of 2.2 million percent recorded in May, despite the government's price controls. The country's finance minister confirmed the new figure in an interview but said the rising inflation rate was not confined to Zimbabwe alone. ""While our case has been aggravated by the illegal sanctions imposed by the Western powers, rising food prices are a world phenomenon because of the use of bio-fuel,"" said Samuel Mumbengegwi. ""But we will continue to fight inflation by making sure that prices charged are realistic."" In February, the price of a loaf of bread in the country was less than 200,000 Zimbabwe dollars. On Monday, that same loaf of bread cost 1.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars. Analysts have said the Zimbabwean government's official inflation rate figures are conservative. Last week, one of Zimbabwe's leading banks, Kingdom Bank, said the country's inflation rate was now more than 20 million percent. The locally-owned bank predicted tougher times ahead for Zimbabwe in the absence of donor support and foreign investment in an economy that has been in freefall for almost a decade. Once considered the breadbasket of Africa, Zimbabwe has been in the throes of an economic meltdown ever since the country embarked on a chaotic land reform program that has decimated commercial agriculture. Analysts say the crisis has worsened following President Robert Mugabe's disputed reelection in the June 27 presidential run-off. His challenger Morgan Tsvangirai boycotted the race over widespread allegations of violence and voter intimidation. The economic crisis has destroyed Zimbabwe's currency and made it difficult for Zimbabweans to buy basic commodities, electricity, fuel, and medicines. Many Zimbabweans have left the country amid rising unemployment and deepening poverty. Last week a summit in South Africa of regional African leaders failed to persuade Zimbabwe's political parties to agree to form a government of national unity, which observers view as the best way to end Zimbabwe's record recession."
"(CNN) -- Brazil ""will not bend"" to U.S. pressure to seek sanctions against Iran, Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim said after a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Brasilia. The United States was seeking support for sanctions against Iran, which it accuses of harboring a non-peaceful nuclear program. Brazil shares the table with the United States on the United Nations Security Council, where it holds a non-veto seat. ""We think with our own mind. We want a world without nuclear arms, certainly without proliferation,"" Amorim said at a news conference with Clinton on Wednesday, according to the official Agencia Brasil news agency. ""It is not about simply bending to an opinion that may not be true. We can't simply be taken along. We have to think with our own head."" During her remarks, Clinton reiterated the case for new sanctions, saying that Iran is not likely to engage in negotiations over its nuclear program until after sanctions are in place. Clinton said Iran is trying to stall the international community. Amorim countered that there is still time for negotiations, and that a uranium swap deal remains a possibility. The United States is proposing tough new sanctions on Iran at the U.N. Security Council in an effort to persuade Iran to stop uranium enrichment and negotiate with world powers over its nuclear program, senior U.S. officials and Security Council diplomats said. The United States and its allies are discussing the measures as part of a possible fourth Security Council resolution against Iran over its nuclear program. The sanctions focus on the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, which has vast business interests in the country. The sanctions would center around the banking, shipping and insurance sectors of the Iranian economy, broadening the scope of the sanctions in the three previous U.N. security resolutions. While existing sanctions call on U.N. members to exercise ""vigilance"" or ""restraint"" on trade, the sources said the proposed new sanctions call for an outright ban on certain transactions with Iran. The proposed measures expand existing areas of sanctions, adding new companies and additional individuals facing a travel ban and assets freeze for their work on Iran's nuclear program. The United States wants to gain the support of Russia and China to negotiate the proposed sanctions draft. The United States and its allies hope that China will voice its support in talks with Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg in Beijing this week. CNN's Elise Labott and Adam Levine contributed to this report."
"Tokyo (CNN) -- Japan's 77-year-old emperor was hospitalized on Sunday, several days after coming down with a fever, a spokesperson with the Imperial Household Agency said. Emperor Akihito, a ceremonial but revered figure in the Japan, was suffering from a worsening case of bronchitis and the fever he contracted Thursday, according to the spokesperson, who declined to be identified due to the agency's media protocol. ""He appears to be fatigued and has lost some resistance to fight against sickness,"" the spokesperson said. ""To be on the safe side, he was hospitalized (Sunday night) at University of Tokyo Hospital."" It is the emperor's second time in a hospital this year, after getting medical treatment in February for extensive tests of his coronary arteries. Japan's Cabinet on Sunday approved a measure to temporarily elevate Crown Prince Naruhito to the role of emperor and give him power over all the responsibilities that position entails, according to a person at the Cabinet office, who also was not named per policy. Akihito: The 125th Emperor of Japan . Born in Tokyo in December 1933 into a family that eventually consisted of seven children, Akihito became crown prince in 1952 -- the same year he enrolled at Gakushuin University, according to his official biography. Seven years later, he married then-crown princess, and now Empress Michiko, and together they raised three children. On January 7, 1989, following the death of his father Hirohito, Akihito became emperor. The position, per Japan's constitution, is defined as ""the symbol of the state and of the unity of the people."" That said, the office's involvement in day-to-day government affairs tends to be minimal. Yet Emperor Akihito broke from precedent following Japan's epic 9.0 magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami earlier this year, when he gave a historic, televised speech. In it, he encouraged citizens to put forth their ""best effort to save all suffering people"" and he applauded his countrymen's handling of the crisis. ""I truly hope the victims of the disaster never give up hope, take care of themselves, and live strong for tomorrow,"" he said in a calm and poignant oration delivered from the Imperial Palace. ""Also, I want all citizens of Japan to remember everyone who has been affected by the devastation, not only today but for a long time afterwards -- and help with the recovery."""
"(CNN) -- A body found Monday beside a North Carolina road is that of 5-year-old Shaniya Davis, who was reported missing a week ago, police said Tuesday. The official cause of death was undetermined as of Tuesday afternoon, Fayetteville police said in written statement. An announced afternoon media briefing was rescheduled for Wednesday morning. Earlier Tuesday, police said additional charges are expected in connection with the case and any charges will be made public as soon as they are filed. Shaniya's mother, Antoinette Nicole Davis, has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses. Davis was ""prostituting her child,"" police spokeswoman Teresa Chance said after Davis' arrest over the weekend. Another suspect, Mario Andrette McNeill, has been charged with kidnapping in the case. Shaniya's father, Bradley Lockhart, made a tearful appeal before reporters Tuesday afternoon, asking that ""everybody makes it a point not to ignore, to look past a situation where a person, a child, or anybody might be in danger ... so that we don't have another tragedy like Shaniya."" He said authorities have given him limited information, but he was to meet with them later. ""It's not the result I wanted, it's not the result any father or family would want for their children,"" he said. ""But God has a greater calling for all of us."" Shaniya's mother reported her missing from their Fayetteville home in a mobile home park on November 10. According to police, surveillance video taken that day from a hotel in Sanford shows Shaniya in the company of McNeill. ""The investigation at this point indicates that Shaniya Davis was alive at the time she left the Sanford hotel,"" police said in the statement Tuesday. The road where the body was found is near Sanford, which is about 30 miles northwest of Fayetteville. Shaniya's half-sister, Cheyenne Lockhart, said on HLN's ""Nancy Grace"" Monday that she found it difficult to believe Davis had treated her daughter so poorly. ""She seemed like the sweetest woman. She didn't come from much, but ... she had the sweetest voice, she had the sweetest personality, and especially toward me. I would never think that she would do anything like that,"" said Lockhart, who shared a father with Shaniya. Their father said Shaniya went to her mother's home on October 9. CNN's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report."
Zhouqu, China(CNN) -- A day after a miraculous rescue, the sounds of cheers were replaced by crying families, the roar of bulldozers and dynamite blasting debris in Zhouqu, China, on Wednesday. More than 24 hours after a man was pulled from the debris of his collapsed home, the grim reality is setting in that the death toll in the region is rising rapidly. Recovery teams pulled another dead body from one destroyed building. Another group carried what appeared to be the remains of a young child through the streets. The bodies are delivered to a makeshift morgue just outside the city. The roads in are also jammed with trucks carrying hundreds of coffins, along with the much needed supplies of water, food and medicine. The official death toll stands at 702, with more than a thousand still reported missing after mudslides and flooding engulfed this ethnic-Tibetan city in northwest China Saturday night. One village of 300 houses that local people said was home to more than 2,000 people was completely wiped out. The mud is becoming a threat to rescue teams as well. Pockets of air remain just below the surface, threatening to swallow up anyone who steps through them. The heat also hampered the rescue efforts, compounded by a severe lack of drinking water and the growing threat of disease. Temperatures on the ground are hovering around 34-degrees Celsius (93-degrees Fahrenheit). Teams of workers combed through the city spraying for insecticide and disinfectants. With so many dead bodies still believed to be decomposing in the heat and mud, fears of epidemic were on the rise. State media reported that 7,000 tents were delivered to the city to help house the displaced. But a lack of flat and stable ground to pitch camps meant that most survivors faced the prospect of another day without shelter, while digging through debris in search of loved ones. China's rainy season started with a vengeance in early May and has brought the worst flooding in a decade. More rain is forecast in the next few days. Some of the rocks and debris from the mudslide landed in the middle of the Bailong River that snakes through the area. The river overflowed and inundated low-lying neighborhoods. The government has been using explosives to break up the river debris, in an attempt to gradually release the water safely. CNN's Emily Chang in Zhouqu, China, and Brian Walker in Atlanta contributed to this report.
"NEW YORK (CNN)  -- An oil painting was returned Tuesday to the estate of a Jewish art dealer who was forced to consign the painting and other artwork under Nazi Germany before fleeing the country. ""Portrait of a Musician Playing a Bagpipe"" was done in 1632 by an unknown artist. The painting, ""Portrait of a Musician Playing a Bagpipe,"" was done in 1632 by an unknown painter from the Northern Netherlandish school, according to a statement from the U.S. attorney's office in southern New York. It was owned by Max Stern, an art dealer who had a gallery in Dusseldorf, Germany, until 1937, when the Nazis' Reich Chamber for Fine Arts ordered him to liquidate the gallery and its inventory, the statement said. Stern, who died in 1987, left no heirs. He and his wife had founded the Max Stern Art Restitution Project, which directly benefits Concordia University and McGill University in Montreal, Canada, and Hebrew University in Jerusalem, according to a statement from U.S Immigration and Customs Enforcement. The painting was returned Tuesday -- Holocaust Remembrance Day -- to Clarence Epstein of Concordia University on behalf of the executors of the estate, said Lou Martinez of the immigration agency. It was returned in a ceremony at the Museum of Jewish Heritage in New York, he said. The painting had been owned by Philip Mould Ltd., a London, England, gallery, when Lawrence Steigrad, a New York art dealer, bought it in 2008, the New York attorney's office said. Neither had any idea of the painting's past. Philip Mould Ltd. had purchased the painting the year before from Lempertz Auction House. The same auction house sold the painting in 1937 after Stern was forced to liquidate, without receiving any proceeds from the sale, the New York attorney's office said. Immigration agents used information from a Holocaust claims office in the New York state Banking Department to look into Steigrad's gallery. The art dealer ""confirmed the painting was in his possession."" and he eventually allowed agents to seize the painting, the attorney's office said."
(CNN) -- Taliban militants, who implemented Islamic law in Pakistan's violence-plagued Swat Valley last week, have now taken control of a neighboring district. Protests in Karachi against the creation of sharia courts in Swat Valley. Here are some answers about the Swat Valley, its history and what's taking place there. What is Swat Valley? Swat Valley is located in Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, near the border with Afghanistan and about 185 miles (300 kilometers) from the Pakistani capital of Islamabad. The alpine region once was one of Pakistan's premier tourist destinations, boasting the nation's only ski resort until it was shut down after Taliban militants overran the area. It also was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and those wishing to visit the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area. What's happening in Swat Valley? In recent years Taliban militants unleashed a wave of violence that claimed hundreds of lives in the province. The militants wanted sharia law -- or Islamic law -- imposed in the region. They took over the valley in 2008. The central government of Pakistan, which long exerted little control in the area, launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out the militants. In retaliation, the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks and began gaining ground, setting up checkpoints in the area. Has the government intervened? The militants and the Pakistani government reached a peace deal earlier this year, which was recently signed into law by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari. Under the deal, sharia law was imposed in the region. While the peace deal drew criticism for the Pakistani government, some analysts and political observers say the government had little choice but to capitulate, as militants have terrorized the region with beheadings, kidnappings and the destruction of schools. What's happening now? This week, the Taliban moved to seize control of the neighboring Buner district, bringing it closer to Islamabad than it has been since Taliban insurgency began. What is sharia law? Sharia law is Islamic law. While there are different interpretations of it, the Taliban's strict interpretation forbids women from being seen in public without their husbands and fathers, requires veils for women and beards for men, and bans music and television. Consequences are severe; during the Taliban struggle to impose sharia law, anyone found disobeying was pinned to the ground and lashed. Others were beheaded and hung from poles, with notices attached to their bodies that anyone daring to remove the corpse before 48 hours had passed would also be beheaded and hanged.
"(CNN)  -- Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the match in the second half as Arsenal beat leaders Manchester United at the Emirates Sunday to blow the English title race wide open. A win for United would have all but sealed a record 19th championship, but they now lead Chelsea by just three points and Arsenal by six. The top two play effectively a title decider at Old Trafford next weekend, with Arsenal waiting to pounce if either falters. ""In terms of ability -- a game at Old Trafford, the supporters will be ready for it -- and so will our players,"" defiant United manager Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports. Ferguson's team, who have a poor record against the top six this season, particularly away from home where they have failed to win, fell victim to a 56th minute strike from young Welshman Ramsey. Arsenal might have had a penalty in the first half when Nemanja Vidic appeared to use his hand to deflect Theo Walcott's cross away from Robin van Persie as the Dutchman prepared to head towards goal, but referee Chris Foy ignored their claims. United's Wayne Rooney went close with a curling free-kick that Wojciech Szczesny saved superbly after the break before Ramsey scored his first Gunners goal since January 2010. He was set up by Van Persie who cut the ball back for him to beat Edwin van der Sar. Nani went close for United and Michael Owen had a penalty appeal turned down, but Arsenal deservedly held on for their first victory over United since November 2008. Sunday's late kick off saw Manchester City consolidate fourth place with a 2-1 win over bottom side West Ham at Eastlands. City are now seven points clear of Liverpool and Tottenham as they try to claim the final Champions League qualifying position. Nigel de Jong and a Lars Jacobsen own goal gave City a 2-0 lead after 15 minutes. But Demba Ba pulled one back in the 33rd minute and the home side had to endure some nervous moments before sealing the three points. Earlier Sunday, Liverpool moved over Tottenham into fifth place on goal difference with a 3-0 win over Newcastle at Anfield. Maxi Rodriguez opened the scoring in the 10th minute when his shot deflected in off Danny Simpson. Dirk Kuyt scored the second in the 59th minute after Luis Suarez was fouled by Mike Williamson. Uruguay star Suarez added the third himself six minutes later to seal three valuable points. At St Andrew's, 10-man Birmingham boosted their survival bid by holding on for a 1-1 draw against fellow strugglers Wolves."
"(CNN) -- World number one Rafael Nadal has been drawn to play Novak Djokovic, Tomas Berdych and Andy Roddick in the group stage of the ATP World Tour Finals in London. The Spaniard was selected in Group A in the season-ending event, which sees the top eight players in the world compete against each other. World number two Roger Federer, from Switzerland, has been drawn in Group B alongside Sweden's Robin Soderling, Briton Andy Murray and David Ferrer, of Spain. Murray will open the tournament against Soderling on Sunday at 1400 GMT with Federer taking on Ferrer at 2000 GMT. The following day Djokovic, from Serbia, will play Berdych, from the Czech Republic, at 1400 GMT, with Nadal taking on American Roddick in the evening. In rankings released on Monday, Soderling climbed to fourth after his victory at the Paris Masters on Sunday, and despite Murray slipping to fifth he is hoping home advantage can inspire him in London. He told his website: ""It's an incredible atmosphere, a huge arena and it's one of the biggest competitions in tennis behind the Grand Slams, so I'm really looking forward to it. ""The last couple of weeks weren't as good as I'd have liked, although I actually won my first doubles competition with my brother, which was cool, but playing in front of a home crowd is always great. It would be a big one psychologically to win, so I'll give it my best shot."" Federer has also targeted victory at the World Tour Finals after his surprising defeat at the semifinal stage in Paris by Frenchman Gael Montfils. But Federer has an excellent record at the season finale with 29 wins and seven defeats since his first appearance in 2002. ""I feel good. I'm playing well. I think I have good chances maybe in London for winning,"" Federer told the ATP Tour's official website. ""I feel good physically. In a way it is a relief that I was able to finish the tournament [in Paris] in good physical health. ""I'm fresh mentally, too. This is the most important thing. Victories are important, but when you're not fit and when you're injured, it's bad. So I think I'm going to recover quite fast after that loss. ""It was not a bad match [against Monfils]. I'm happy with my performance. Clearly with a victory I would have had big chances of winning the tournament. This is not the case, so now I have to look at the future. I'm going to prepare for London."""
"New York (CNN) -- A 19th-century artwork by French artist Edgar Degas will be handed back to the French government Friday -- nearly four decades after it was stolen. The painting, ""Blanchisseuses souffrant des dent"" (""Laundry Women with Toothache,"") was taken in 1973 from the Malraux Museum in Le Havre, in Normandy, France, the U.S. District Attorney in Eastern New York said. It had been on loan from the French government, which considers the painting a national treasure. The piece did not resurface until October this year when it appeared in a catalog from the auction house Sotheby's, it said. The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the French government will take part in a repatriation ceremony at 1 p.m. at the French ambassador's residence in Washington D.C. to return the painting. U.S. customs officials, working with authorities from INTERPOL, said the painting was consigned to French art collector Ronald Grelsamer. Grelsamer said his father gave him the painting as a gift, but was unaware that it was stolen, the statement said. Sotheby's said they had nothing indicating that the painting was stolen, saying it did not appear in any of its lost art databases, said company spokeswoman Diana Phillips. The auction house had a longstanding relationship with Grelsamer without incident, she added. ""Sotheby's is happy to have been able to be involved in this discovery, and we are pleased that this painting will be returned to the government of France,"" Phillips said. The U.S. District Attorney office says that Greslamer intends to seek compensation for the painting. ""The return of this masterpiece to the French government reflects our commitment to ensure the return of stolen artwork and cultural patrimony,"" it said in a written statement. The 6.25-inch-by-8.5-inch piece -- painted between 1870 and 1872 -- has an estimated value of $350,000 to $450,000, the statement said, quoting the company catalogue. The painting reflects a break from the academic focus of Degas' early years when he dedicated himself to the ""search for the essence of modern life,"" said Sotheby's spokeswoman Lauren Gioai. ""The 1870s gave rise to some of Degas most celebrated works,"" she said."
"Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A man accused of taping ESPN sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude through hotel peepholes and posting the videos online will plead guilty to a federal stalking charge, according to a court document filed Thursday. Michael David Barrett, 48, will enter a plea on December 15, said Thom Mrozek, spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in the Central District of California. A criminal complaint filed in October accused Barrett of taping Andrews then making seven videos that he posted on the Internet. Barrett's lawyer, David Willingham, issued a statement saying his client apologized to Andrews. ""Mr. Barrett accepts full responsibility for his conduct. He apologizes to Ms. Andrews, and expresses his deep regret for his conduct that caused her so much pain. It is his sincere hope that these events can now become an opportunity to make positive changes in his life,"" the statement said. Barrett was arrested in Illinois but will appear in Los Angeles federal court, Mrozek said. Barrett is charged with interstate stalking, which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison. An Illinois judge released Barrett on bail in October. Andrews, 31, is a sideline reporter for ESPN, traveling around the country covering college football games. According to the October criminal complaint, Andrews said that she became aware of the videos in July and that their posting has caused her distress, anxiety and trouble sleeping. Her lawyer, Marshall Grossman, told CNN that Andrews is still shaken. ""She is a very strong young woman. Time is a good healer,"" Grossman said. ""However, she continues to feel and experience the ramifications of what occurred every time she steps foot into a hotel room, and in her business, she lives in hotel rooms."" Andrews is now accompanied by additional security, Grossman said. Grossman said he and Andrews are in the process of reviewing the evidence against Barrett and the plea agreement, and Andrews will speak before the court at the hearing next week. He said Andrews wants ""severe punishment"" for Barrett. The plea agreement filed Thursday alleges that Barrett recorded videos of Andrews while she stayed at hotels in Columbus, Ohio; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and Nashville, Tennessee. The filing alleges Barrett made reservations at the hotels and altered the peepholes to shoot video of Andrews. Barrett allegedly attempted to sell the videos to celebrity gossip site TMZ in January 2009. TMZ did not purchase the images, but employees of the Web site assisted in the investigation by providing information to Andrews' attorneys, authorities said. Barrett posted the videos to other Web sites, Thursday's filing said. CNN's Khadijah Rentas and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A weekend incident with racial overtones at a high school for deaf students could result in criminal charges with ""enhanced penalties for a hate crime,"" Metro Police Chief Cathy Lanier said Wednesday. A black student was held against his will and then released with ""KKK"" and swastikas drawn on him in marker at the Model Secondary School for the Deaf on Sunday, she said. No charges have been filed, and no names have been released, Lanier said. The incident began when a group of black students and a group of white students were in a dorm. ""My understanding is the two groups engaged in friendly horseplay,"" she said. But, she said, the groups got ""angry with each other."" The two groups separated, she said, but later, six white students and one black student -- all between the ages of 15 and 19 -- took one of the black students into a dorm room and ""held him there against his will."" ""They used markers to write 'KKK' and draw swastikas on the student,"" Lanier said. The student was released after about 45 minutes. He notified dorm and school authorities, who called police. Lanier said police have identified and interviewed the students involved and the ""investigation is ongoing."" ""The support we've received from the campus and from the school employees has been tremendous,"" Lanier said. ""And I think they're supporting us in making a very strong statement that this investigation may lead to charges that could have enhanced penalties for a hate crime."" The school is a residential high school on the campus of Gallaudet University, a higher education facility for deaf and hard of hearing people. The high school is administered as a division of the university's Laurent Clerc National Deaf Education Center. Dean of Clerc Center Katherine A. Jankowski said the seven students who participated in the incident were sent home. Gallaudet provost Stephen Weiner said the school does ""not tolerate any action, behavior of this type."" ""We are taking action,"" he said. ""We are looking at programs to help students understand we are a school with a diverse population."" ""This incident is intolerable,"" he said. ""That's why the Metro police are involved. That's how serious we are about this incident."" Jankowski said the school has also hired a consultant to work with the school and its students on diversity issues. On Monday, teachers and staff hosted a school-wide assembly with students related to the incident, said Jankowski. Individual and group counseling services were also available to students, teachers and staff. ""We are committed to ensuring MSSD is a safe and supportive learning environment,"" she said. E-mail to a friend ."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Bucking tradition, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will bypass Europe and travel to Asia on her maiden voyage overseas, diplomats familiar with the planning said Tuesday. Bill Clinton looks at his wife Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as she is sworn in on February 2. Clinton is expected to visit China, Japan and South Korea on her first trip overseas. The diplomats said she may also add other stops, including one in Southeast Asia. The diplomats spoke on condition of anonymity because Clinton's schedule was still being finalized. The State Department has not commented on her travel plans. Making Asia Clinton's first overseas destination illustrates the Obama administration's desire for a broader partnership with China and its commitment to resolving the North Korean nuclear issue, as well as strengthening ties with Tokyo and Seoul, the diplomats said. The White House said President Barack Obama told Chinese President Hu Jintao in a Friday phone call that he looked forward to ""to early contacts and exchanges between senior officials of our two countries."" Clinton told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last month she hoped to make an early trip to Southeast Asia, in particular Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim-majority nation where Obama spent part of his childhood. Clinton said she wanted to restart Peace Corps programs there, which were suspended in the 1960s. Traditionally U.S. secretaries of state make Europe or the Middle East their first official trip overseas. But given that Vice President Joseph Biden is headed to Europe this week for a security conference in Germany, and special envoy George Mitchell is currently in the Middle East, Clinton is free to break with tradition. However British Foreign Secretary David Miliband and German Foreign Secretary Walter Steinmeier will be Clinton's first foreign guests to the State Department on Tuesday. Clinton was sworn in as America's 67th secretary of state on Monday -- for a second time.  Watch Clinton being sworn in  . Biden administered the oath to Clinton in a ceremonial star-studded gathering at the State Department, with actor Chevy Chase and designer Oscar de la Renta among those on hand. ""It is an overwhelming honor ... to assume this position,"" Clinton said. ""We have a lot of work to do [to ensure that] America's future can be even brighter than our storied past."""
"Los Angeles, California (CNN)  -- Roy Edward Disney, the nephew of Walt Disney, died Wednesday after a yearlong battle with stomach cancer, according to a Walt Disney Co. spokesman. Disney ""played a key role in the revitalization of the Walt Disney Co. and Disney's animation legacy,"" the company said. He died in a Newport Beach, California, hospital at the age of 79. His father -- Roy O. Disney -- co-founded the Disney entertainment business with Walt Disney in 1923. Roy E. Disney's 56-year association with the company culminated in 2003 when he stepped down as vice chairman of Disney's board and chairman of the Disney Studio's Animation Department. He kept the title director emeritus and consultant in recent years, the company said. ""As head of Disney Animation, Disney helped to guide the studio to a new golden age of animation with an unprecedented string of artistic and box office successes that included 'The Little Mermaid,' 'Beauty and the Beast,' 'Aladdin' and 'The Lion King,' "" the company said. A private funeral service and cremation are planned, the company said. His ashes will be scattered at sea, it said. He was born in in Los Angeles seven years after his father and uncle began building the Disney empire. His entertainment career began in 1952 -- after he attended Harvard University and Pomona College -- with a job as an assistant film editor on the ""Dragnet"" TV series. He joined the family business a year later as an assistant film editor at the Walt Disney Studios. He received two Oscar nominations. One was as a writer and production associate on the 1959 short subject film ""Mysteries of the Deep,"" and the second was for his work in 2003 as executive producer of ""Destino,"" a film based on storyboards and original art by the iconic artist Salvador Dali. Disney founded Shamrock Holdings, an investment company owned by the Disney family, in 1978. He also was an avid competitive sailor, the company said. He held several elapsed-time records for offshore races in the Pacific Ocean, including multiple wins in the 2,225-mile Transpac race between Hawaii and California, it said. CNN's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Bush vetoed an expansion of the federally funded, state-run health insurance program for poor children for a second time Wednesday, telling Congress the bill ""moves our country's health care system in the wrong direction."" In his veto message, President Bush calls on Congress to extend funding for the current program. In his veto message, Bush said the bill is almost a duplicate of the proposal he spiked in October. ""Because the Congress has chosen to send me an essentially identical bill that has the same problems as the flawed bill I previously vetoed, I must veto this legislation, too,"" he said in a statement released by the White House. The bill would have expanded the State Children's Health Insurance Program by nearly $35 billion over five years, the same as the measure Bush vetoed October 3.  Track recent and historical presidential vetoes  . The president had proposed adding $5 billion to the program and said the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded, state-run program. Democratic leaders said the new version addressed Republican objections by tightening restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving SCHIP benefits, capping the income levels of families that qualify for the program and preventing adults from receiving benefits. Though the measure had strong bipartisan support, it fell short of the two-thirds majorities needed to override a presidential veto in the House and Senate. House Minority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, said Democrats were more interested in scoring political points with the veto than in reaching a compromise with Republicans. ""We could have resolved the differences in his program in 10 minutes, if the majority had wanted to resolve the differences,"" Boehner said. ""This has become a partisan political game."" The program currently covers about 6 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid -- the federal health insurance program for the poor -- but who can't afford private insurance. Democrats wanted to extend the program to another 4 million, paying for it with a 61-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes. ""What a sad day that the president would say that rather than insuring [millions of] children, 'I don't want to raise the cigarette tax,' "" said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. She called for a January 23 vote on whether to override the veto. Meanwhile, Bush called on Congress to extend funding for the current program to keep the 6 million now covered on the rolls. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- Fernando Alonso refused to comment on Renault's upcoming hearing about alleged race-fixing at last year's Singapore Grand Prix as he chose to focus on this weekend's race in Monza. Fernando Alonso won the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix after Renault teammate Nelson Piquet Jr. crashed. The Spaniard's Renault team face a probe from world motorsport's governing body the FIA on September 21 over claims that Nelson Piquet Jnr crashed on purpose, making it easier for his teammate to win the race due to the introduction of the safety car. Piquet, who was sacked by Renault after the Hungarian Grand Prix in late July after failing to score a point this year, has reportedly already made a sworn statement about his involvement. However, two-time Formula One world champion Alonso gave little away at a press conference on Thursday ahead of the Italian Grand Prix. ""For me, it's difficult to understand this situation and these investigations,"" the 28-year-old said. ""It's another day. I'm preparing for this grand prix, trying for a good result here. I'm fully concentrated on the job. ""Of course, I'm very surprised. I can't imagine this situation, but it's time to start thinking about this race. I'm not spending any time on this. ""After the hearing on the 21st everything will be clarified, and that will be the time to say something."" Piquet was outspoken in his criticism of influential billionaire Renault boss Flavio Briatore after his departure, but Alonso believes the Brazilian still has a future in F1. ""We were teammates for a year and a half, and I never had a problem with him. He has the talent to be in Formula One,"" Alonso said. ""After a year and a half with Renault in not the most competitive car, he needs a competitive car. I'm sure he is capable of good results in the future."" The F1 future of Briatore, and his Renault team, would be in major doubt if they are found guilty by the FIA, but Alonso backed his boss. ""He is nice person, a nice boss with me,"" he said. ""He is a friend who has always supported my career from the time I was at Minardi. ""Flavio is one of the good people here, and he always has my support."" Meanwhile, Ferrari -- who have been linked with a move for Alonso in 2010 -- announced on Thursday that Banco Santander will be one of the team's title sponsors for the next five years. The Spanish banking group had sponsored Ferrari's rivals McLaren for the past three seasons, but decided not to renew the deal."
"DENVER, Colorado (CNN) -- A former hospital employee may have exposed hundreds, or even thousands, of surgical patients to hepatitis C after taking their fentanyl injections and replacing them with used syringes filled with saline solution, authorities say. A hospital worker has admitted to secretly injecting herself and using unclean syringes for patients. Kristen Diane Parker, who worked at Rose Medical Center in Denver, has admitted to secretly injecting herself in a bathroom and using unclean syringes as replacements for patients, investigators said. She had hepatitis C, which she believes she contracted through using heroin and sharing dirty needles while she lived in New Jersey in 2008, authorities said. She was a surgical technician at Rose from October 2008 to April 2009. Nine patients who had surgery there during that time have tested positive for hepatitis C. Investigators are looking into whether they contracted the virus from Parker. According to an affidavit filed by an investigator with the Food and Drug Administration, Rose Medical Center knew Parker tested positive for hepatitis C. She was counseled on how to limit her exposure to patients. Parker quit after she was found to be in an operating room where she was not allowed to be. She subsequently tested positive for fentanyl. Hospital officials then contacted the DEA. Parker is in federal custody facing three drug-related charges. If she is found to have done serious harm to a patient, she could face up to 20 years in prison. If a patient dies because of her actions, she could face life in prison. In a statement to police, Parker said, ""I can't take back what I did, but I will have to live with it for the rest of my life, and so does everyone else."" Her attorney could not be reached Friday. Rose Medical Center is contacting 4,700 patients who had surgery at Rose during the time Parker was employed there. However, hospital officials do not believe that many patients were exposed. ""We are taking a very conservative and cautious approach by contacting everyone who had surgery during this broad time period,"" a statement on the hospital's Web site said, adding, ""It is likely that most of the patients who receive letters will not have been exposed to hepatitis C."" An additional 1,200 patients may have been infected between May 4, 2009, and July 1, 2009, when Parker worked at Audubon Ambulatory Surgical Center in Colorado Springs. Audubon is also contacting patients. According to the Centers for Disease Control, hepatitis C is a contagious liver disease that can lead to cirrhosis or liver cancer."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Attorney General Eric Holder was decidedly noncommittal Thursday as he was buffeted on Capitol Hill by alternating demands to release -- or not -- more secret documents related to alleged torture, and to prosecute -- or not -- Bush administration officials who wrote and approved those documents. Attorney General Eric Holder testifies before a U.S. House subcommittee on Thursday. Holder was scheduled to appear before a House committee to discuss the Justice Department budget, but lawmakers threw away the script and overwhelmed him with pointed questions about the memos and accountability for the interrogation policies. The toughest exchanges were with the top Republican in the session, Rep. Frank Wolf of Virginia. Wolf insisted Holder provide still-secret documents which former Vice President Dick Cheney says detail valuable intelligence gained from the use of the harsh techniques against captured suspected terrorists. ""You have an obligation to release the rest of the memos,"" Wolf demanded. But Holder said he had no knowledge of documents that might contain the information to which Cheney referred. ""I'm not familiar with those memos. I frankly have not seen them. I don't know that they exist,"" Holder said. When Holder said he doesn't control all of the documents, Wolf complained Holder was trying to duck responsibility ""just because the documents might be in a different building."" ""It is certainly the intention of this administration not to play hide and seek, or not to release certain things,"" Holder replied. ""It is not our intention to try to advance a political agenda or to try to hide things from the American people,"" he said. As Republican lawmakers complained about the administration's release of four documents last week that had authorized waterboarding and other controversial methods, Democrats praised the release. Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey, D-Wisconsin, said torture is illegal and those responsible for its use have to be held personally accountable. Representatives of liberal organizations including MoveOn.org, Democrats.com and the American Civil Liberties Union were in the hearing room seeking to cajole Holder and other administration officials to appoint a special prosecutor to press charges against Bush administration officials. ""The Justice Department is obligated to appoint an independent prosecutor to investigate these crimes,"" said Mandy Simon of the ACLU. She said representatives of the groups had provided to Assistant Attorney General Lee Loftus a disk containing the signatures of about 260,000 individuals demanding the outside prosecutor be appointed. Holder was not asked whether he would seek an outside counsel, but indicated he was waiting for more information from pending reports. He said a key report on the actions of Bush Justice Department officials involved in drafting the controversial legal guidance would be completed ""soon"" and he hopes to make it public."
"(CNN)  -- A Russian heavy missile cruiser stopped three pirate ships off the coast of Somalia, and detained 10 pirates, according to a statement released Friday by Russian Navy headquarters in Moscow. Russian missile cruiser ""Peter the Great"" moored in Cape Town, South Africa, last month. The cruiser, Peter the Great, halted two small high-speed motor boats and a mid-size, support vessel on Thursday, the Russians said. ""Ten pirates have been detained. All of them are citizens of Somalia,"" the press release obtained by CNN stated. ""Officials from the Northern Fleet's military prosecutor's office are currently questioning the detainees aboard the Peter the Great. Their future will be decided in coordination with the Russian Foreign and Justice ministries."" The Russians said a Russian helicopter Ka-27, which took off from the cruiser, had located two small boats, which were moving toward an Iranian fishing vessel at high speed last Thursday. When those in the boats spotted the helicopter overhead, the boats began slowing down, then veered off toward their support vessel, which was adrift nearby. The helicopter crew could see pirates in the two motor boats throwing weapons into the sea, and kept chasing the boats until the Russian cruiser arrived in the area. ""The three boats were (captured and) delivered to the Peter the Great, and ten Somalian pirates were taken aboard. ""The detainees possessed weapons, including a G-3 rifle, an Ak-47, two AKMS machine-guns, two grenade-launchers and two anti-infantry grenades, and also had a GPS receiver, a ladder, 500 grams of drugs, a large amount of money, a bag of sugar and a bag of rice. The detained pirates were high on drugs,"" the press release said. Meanwhile, Somali pirates have released a Panamanian-flagged, Japanese-owned vessel that was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden in November, according to a non-governmental group that monitors piracy. The ship, named the MT Chemstar Venus, was released late Thursday, according to Ecoterra International.  See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa  . The 18 Filipino and five South Korean crew members were reportedly unharmed. The International Maritime Board, a group that also monitors piracy, told CNN that the company had not confirmed the release of the ship, but said shipping companies sometimes wait a few days before going public to ensure the safety of the crew. The ship was hijacked on November 15. It was unclear whether the pirates were paid a ransom to release the ship. This incident comes a week after Somali pirates released a Ukrainian ship carrying tanks, ammunition and crew after receiving a ransom of $3.2 million. -- CNN's David McKenzie contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Same-sex couples in California may be able to obtain marriage licenses on June 17, state officials said Wednesday. Marriage licenses for same-sex couples may be available in June, officials said. The California Supreme Court struck down the state's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional in a May 15 ruling, clearing the way for the state to become the second to legalize such marriages. The state Department of Public Health -- which serves as State Registrar and oversees vital records -- said in an announcement that June 16 is the last day the state Supreme Court can rule on any requests for re-hearing. It released new marriage license forms for counties to use beginning the following day. The new forms, which were also released, have lines for ""Party A"" and ""Party B."" However, the ""general information"" page for California marriage licenses still stated as of Wednesday that ""only an unmarried male and an unmarried female may marry in California."" The California Supreme Court issued the ruling in a consolidated case involving several gay and lesbian couples, along with the city of San Francisco and gay rights groups. A lower court had ruled San Francisco acted illegally in issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples in 2004. In its 4-3 ruling, the state Supreme Court called marriage a ""basic civil right."" Opponents of same-sex marriage have said a constitutional marriage amendment should be placed on the November ballot, and that national efforts should be made to generate a federal marriage amendment. A constitutional amendment initiative that would specify marriage is only between a man and a woman is awaiting verification by the California Secretary of State's office after its sponsors said they had gathered enough signatures to place it on a statewide ballot. Massachusetts legalized same-sex marriages in 2004, and gay couples need not be state residents there to wed. However, then-Gov. Mitt Romney resurrected a 1913 law barring non-resident marriages in the state if the marriage would be prohibited in the partners' home state. Subsequent court and agency decisions have determined that only residents of Massachusetts, Rhode Island and New Mexico may marry in Massachusetts, unless the parties say they plan to relocate there after the marriage. New Hampshire, Vermont, New Jersey and Connecticut permit civil unions, while California has a domestic-partner registration law. More than a dozen other states give same-sex couples some legal rights, as do some other countries."
"(CNN) -- Eight mass graves were uncovered in northeastern Mexico Wednesday, holding at least 59 bodies, the Tamaulipas state attorney general's office said. Authorities found the graves during an investigation into a report of the kidnapping of passengers from a bus in late March. The investigation led them to the town of San Fernando, the same place where in August of last year the bodies of 72 immigrants were found at a ranch. This time, authorities arrested 11 suspects and rescued five hostages, the state attorney general's office said. They also discovered the eight mass graves. There were 11 bodies found in the first six graves, 43 bodies in the seventh, and five in the eighth, the agency said. Forensic investigators will examine the bodies in an attempt to identify them and to see if they are the missing bus passengers. Tamaulipas Gov. Egidio Torre Cantu condemned the violence, and said he would collaborate with federal authorities to locate and punish those responsible. ""These reprehensible acts underline the cowardice and the total lack of scruples of the criminal organizations, which generate violence in our country, and especially in the state of Tamaulipas,"" the office of Mexican President Felipe Calderon said in a statement. Read about a deadly four-day stretch in another part of Mexico . Amnesty International also called on Mexico to fully investigate, and it criticized the country's efforts to protect its citizens and migrants passing through. ""The mass graves found yesterday once again show the Mexican government's failure to deal with the country's public security crisis and reduce criminal violence which has left many populations vulnerable to attacks, abductions and killings,"" said Rupert Knox, a researcher on Mexico at Amnesty International. ""All too often such human rights crimes have gone unpunished, leaving criminal gangs and officials acting in collusion with them free to target vulnerable communities, such as irregular migrants."" The nationalities of the victims found in the mass graves were not immediately known. Tamaulipas is one of Mexico's most active states when it comes to drug trafficking activity. The Gulf cartel and the Zetas cartel both operate in the state and have strongholds there. The Zetas have been blamed for the killings of the 72 migrants who were found in San Fernando last year."
"DENVER, Colorado (CNN) -- A former hospital employee may have exposed hundreds, or even thousands, of surgical patients to hepatitis C after taking their fentanyl injections and replacing them with used syringes filled with saline solution, authorities say. A hospital worker has admitted to secretly injecting herself and using unclean syringes for patients. Kristen Diane Parker, who worked at Rose Medical Center in Denver, has admitted to secretly injecting herself in a bathroom and using unclean syringes as replacements for patients, investigators said. She had hepatitis C, which she believes she contracted through using heroin and sharing dirty needles while she lived in New Jersey in 2008, authorities said. She was a surgical technician at Rose from October 2008 to April 2009. Nine patients who had surgery there during that time have tested positive for hepatitis C. Investigators are looking into whether they contracted the virus from Parker. According to an affidavit filed by an investigator with the Food and Drug Administration, Rose Medical Center knew Parker tested positive for hepatitis C. She was counseled on how to limit her exposure to patients. Parker quit after she was found to be in an operating room where she was not allowed to be. She subsequently tested positive for fentanyl. Hospital officials then contacted the DEA. Parker is in federal custody facing three drug-related charges. If she is found to have done serious harm to a patient, she could face up to 20 years in prison. If a patient dies because of her actions, she could face life in prison. In a statement to police, Parker said, ""I can't take back what I did, but I will have to live with it for the rest of my life, and so does everyone else."" Her attorney could not be reached Friday. Rose Medical Center is contacting 4,700 patients who had surgery at Rose during the time Parker was employed there. However, hospital officials do not believe that many patients were exposed. ""We are taking a very conservative and cautious approach by contacting everyone who had surgery during this broad time period,"" a statement on the hospital's Web site said, adding, ""It is likely that most of the patients who receive letters will not have been exposed to hepatitis C."" An additional 1,200 patients may have been infected between May 4, 2009, and July 1, 2009, when Parker worked at Audubon Ambulatory Surgical Center in Colorado Springs. Audubon is also contacting patients. According to the Centers for Disease Control, hepatitis C is a contagious liver disease that can lead to cirrhosis or liver cancer."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out because the agreement that allows them to be there expires on Friday, the British Ministry of Defence said Tuesday. Nearly all of Britain's troops in Iraq will have left by the week's end. The withdrawal marks the first time since the invasion of Iraq more than six years ago that there will be almost no British troops in the country. The only British troops there will be a group of about a dozen helping to train Iraqi police as part of a NATO mission, the ministry said. The United Kingdom's remaining contingent of 100 to 150 troops is leaving Iraq for neighboring Kuwait, a Ministry of Defence spokesman told CNN. He declined to be named in line with policy. ""The small handful of British military personnel operating in Iraq will be withdrawn to Kuwait after Iraq's parliament adjourned without passing a deal that would let them stay,"" the spokesman said. Iraq must give its permission for foreign troops to be on its soil. It was a group of Iraqi lawmakers loyal to anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr that prevented parliament from approving a new agreement on British troops. They walked out of parliament as a group on July 11, depriving the legislature of the minimum number of lawmakers necessary for votes to take place. Parliament is now on summer recess until September 8. Fawzi Akram, a lawmaker from the Sadr bloc, confirmed that the bloc reject the Iraqi-British security agreement. He said that Iraq does not need the British troops and that Iraqi security forces are ready to handle security on their own. Britain hopes the Iraqi parliament will eventually approve the security agreement. ""While this delay is unfortunate, we are continuing to seek a solution with the Iraqi Government that will provide our forces with the sound legal basis they need,"" the ministry said in a written statement. The British troops who are being pulled out include Royal Navy servicemen who have been helping the Iraqis to protect oil fields around the port town of Umm Qasr, according to the Ministry of Defence spokesman. All British combat troops have already left the country, another ministry spokesman told CNN. There were about 46,000 British troops in and around Iraq at the peak of major combat operations in March and April 2003, according to the Ministry of Defence. CNN's Jonathan Wald in London and Youssif Basil in Baghdad, Iraq, contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Heavy rains and hurricane-force winds that surpassed 70 miles per hour in places toppled trees, left more than half a million people without power, and suspended travel throughout much of the Northeast and mid-Atlantic region Saturday night. Four inches of rain fell in parts of the region, and the National Weather Service extended storm and flood warnings for much of the area into Sunday. ""This storm is such a slow mover that it's not going to pull out probably until Monday,"" said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras. ""There's another whole day to get through with heavy rain and strong winds."" Some areas will see an additional 1 to 3 inches of rain by Sunday, Jeras said, though winds are expected to die down to a maximum of 30 miles an hour. Power outages darkened much of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Connecticut. New Jersey's PSE&G electric company said 136,000 customers were without power Saturday night, while Long Island Power Authority said close to 190,000 customers lacked electricity. ""The ground is so wet from all the snow we've had this winter, it's helping the trees to topple over, as well as our utility poles,"" said Long Island Power Authority president and CEO Kevin Law. ""The conditions are still too terrible to get crews out there."" Law said that some customers will likely go without power until early next week. Con Edison reported 97,000 customers without power in New York City and Westchester County, while other electric companies in the region reported tens of thousands more were in the dark. Amtrak suspended trains between New York and Philadelphia because of issues with overhead wires and power outages. About 10 Amtrak trains were affected. New Jersey Transit stopped train service for the majority of its system, including the Northeast Corridor, North Jersey Coastline, Raritan Valley, and Atlantic City Rail lines. A New Jersey Transit spokeswoman said many trees have fallen on overhead wires. Boston's Logan International Airport diverted flights due to weather and there were reports of major delays at airports throughout the Northeast. Across the region, trees and utility poles crashed onto houses and cars. Part of a crane collapsed at a construction site in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The New York police department brought in additional 911 operators Saturday to handle the surge in emergency calls."
"(CNN)  -- World number two Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in a grueling four hour 16 minute encounter to secure Serbia's passage into the quarterfinals of the Davis Cup on Sunday. Serbia led the United States 2-1 overnight in Belgrade with Djokovic favored to beat the giant Isner to clinch the tie, but he was given an almighty scare before winning 7-5 3-6 6-3 6-7 6-4. They will now play Croatia at home on July 9-11 in the quarterfinals of the premier team event in tennis after their first-ever victory in the World Group. Djjokovic, urged on by a partisan home crowd, looked headed for a routine win as he took the opening set, but he was broken twice in the second as Isner leveled. Djokovic returned the compliment in the third set to lead two sets to one, but he could not force home the advantage and he lost a fourth set tiebreak 8-6 as Isner set up a decider. A single break in the first game gave Djokovic a crucial advantage, but his American opponent proceeded to save six match points before finally netting a forehand, the home hero sinking to his knees after an exhausting ordeal. The defeat means Patrick McEnroe's U.S. team face a relegation playoff later this year to maintain their record of playing in the World Group every year. In other ties, defending champions Spain shrugged off the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal to beat Switzerland 4-1 to set-up a quarterfinal clash with France. Russia edged out India 3-2 and will face Argentina who defeated Sweden 3-2 in Stockholm. Returning from injury David Nalbandian was Argentina's match winner in Stockholm as he beat Andreas Vinciguerra 7-5 6-3 4-6 6-4 in the deciding rubber after Swedish number one Robin Soderling had drawn them level with a straight sets win over Leonardo Mayer. 2005 champions Croatia, last year's runners-up Czech Republic and France sealed their quarterfinal places on Saturday against Ecuador, Belgium and Germany respectively. France's home clash with Spain is already whetting the appetite of tennis fans. ""It'll be like a final, it's the kind of thing you dream about,"" France captain Guy Forget told the official Davis Cup Web site www.daviscup.com."
"(CNN) -- World champion Jenson Button fired a warning to his 2010 title rivals that he will be just as quick with new team McLaren after setting the fastest time of the pre-season testing sessions in Jerez. The British driver, who left Brawn ahead of the manufacturers' champions takeover by Mercedes following the capture of his maiden drivers' crown, ended the eight days at the Spanish circuit top of the timesheets on Saturday following a best effort of one minute 18.871 seconds. That run put the 30-year-old ahead of the 1:19.299 set by Red Bull's Mark Webber on Friday and the 1:19.583 recorded by new McLaren teammate and 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton last week. McLaren reported on their Web site that Button was ""very comfortable and confident in the car"" as he completed 108 laps in his third test with the team ahead of the final sessions in Barcelona next week. ""Both drivers will spend alternate days in the car evaluating the new bodywork and aerodynamic components ahead of the season-opener in Bahrain on March 14,"" McLaren said. Renault's new signing Robert Kubica was second fastest in Saturday's sessions, completing 117 laps in long runs in the R30. Sauber's Kamui Kobayashi was third quickest over a similar distance ahead of Force India's Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg in a Mercedes after the German took over from Michael Schumacher. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso was sixth, while Webber was back in eighth after his RB6 could manage only 88 laps after an engine failure. Meanwhile, struggling new team Campos hope to be on the grid in Bahrain after confirming that shareholder Jose Ramon Carabante has now taken a controlling stake. The Spaniard has appointed former Force India boss Colin Kolles as team principal of an outfit which has just one confirmed driver, Bruno Senna. ""I would like to thank Bernie Ecclestone, who worked tremendously to support our efforts to keep the team viable,"" Carabante told F1's official Web site. ""The whole rescue operation has been a race against time with the goal of always having the team run two competitive cars at the first Grand Prix of the F1 season. ""We have a lot of hard work still ahead of us but we are excited about making our F1 debut and looking forward to a competitive season."""
"Washington (CNN) -- James Clapper was confirmed unanimously by the Senate Thursday night to be the nation's next intelligence chief. Clapper, tapped by President Obama for the Director of National Intelligence job, will oversee the nation's 16 spy agencies. He will be the fourth person in the position since it was created five years ago. He succeeds Dennis Blair, who was pressured to resign because of differences with the White House over the scope of his role and turf battles with the CIA director. The Senate vote came before the Senate's August recess and several days after Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, said he would hold up the confirmation process until he received a report he had requested. ""This is good news because to have left this key position vacant could well have damaged our national security,"" said Sen. Dianne Feinstein, chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Clapper is a retired Air Force lieutenant general who has spent most of his career in the intelligence community. He served as the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. He is currently the Defense Department's chief intelligence officer. ""General Clapper has excellent credentials, and the support of the White House and key intelligence leaders,"" Feinstein, D-California, said in a statement released after the vote. ""He is mindful of the importance of independence from the Pentagon, he understands the DNI's responsibility to provide strategic intelligence to policymakers, and he knows that the job entails more than simple coordination."" Acting Director of National Intelligence David Gompert said in a statement after the vote that Clapper was the right person for the job. ""As we face evolving security threats and continue to build an integrated intelligence enterprise, the intelligence community and the nation are extremely fortunate to have such a distinguished leader at the helm,"" he said. During his recent confirmation hearing, Clapper said he wouldn't agree to take the job if he thought he ""was going to be a titular figurehead or hood ornament."" A number of senators had questioned whether the DNI had enough authority to get the job done. Clapper said he did not need any new authority to oversee the 16 intelligence agencies and offices. ""With all of the discussion about the lack of authority, of the perceived weakness of the office of director of national intelligence, I believe it already does have considerable authority, either explicit in the law... or implicit that can be exerted,"" Clapper said. He vowed to ""push the envelope"" to be successful in the job. The office of DNI was established by Congress in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to help improve the coordination of the intelligence community and to correct deficiencies in information-sharing among its members. CNN's Ted Barrett and Pam Benson contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Pakistan's government is not aware of any threat against international aid workers helping with flood relief efforts in the country, despite concerns from U.S. officials and others. Pakistani Information Minister Qamal Zaman Kaira told CNN Sunday that he knows of no specific threat against the aid workers and that the government has not received any information of such threats. He said if any aid worker requires security, the Pakistani goverment will provide it. Earlier, USAID Administrator Rajiv Shah has addressed reports of threats to international aid workers helping with flood relief efforts in Pakistan, calling it ""deeply saddening that others would choose to use these environments to propagate themselves or to threaten international aid workers."" Shah, who leads the U.S. agency that provides economic and humanitarian assistance worldwide, said Friday that he himself had been forced to leave one food distribution site early due to ""suspicious individuals"" in the area. ""I had hoped to spend more time talking to people in line, but within a few minutes of being there, our Diplomatic Security detail informed me that there were some suspicious individuals in the area and we needed to leave,"" he said. Shah's comments came a day after the U.S. State Department announced it had obtained information about threats against foreign aid workers who are assisting with relief efforts in the flood-ravaged country, where monsoon rains have killed 1,639 people. ""We are concerned that extremist elements within Pakistan may decide to attack foreigners who are in Pakistan helping the people of Pakistan, or may choose at this time to attack government institutions in Pakistan that are responding on behalf of the Pakistani people,"" State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Thursday. Shah expressed disappointment at the threats, saying, ""I can't tell you how ... inappropriate that feels when you've been there and you've talked to people who have literally lost everything and are just trying to survive."" At least 17 million Pakistanis have been affected by the monsoon floods that began a month ago, and thousands remain at risk. Crowley said the United States is doing everything it can to ensure that the U.S. and Pakistani disaster response can continue despite the threat. ""The fact that suspicious individuals had been in this site -- in part because they knew I was coming, and the day before, our security folks who had gone out there, of course, hadn't seen any signs of them -- is an indication these are open sites,"" Shah said. ""People can get there. The whole point is to have people who are in urgent need come and get food. So it's just -- it's deeply saddening that others would choose to use these environments to propagate themselves or to threaten international aid workers."""
"Moscow, Russia (CNN) -- Russian officials say a terrorist explosion is the most likely cause of the derailment of an express train which killed at least 26 people and injured dozens more. The head of the Russian Railroads company  Vladimir Yakunin told state TV Saturday that investigators' ""main theory behind the accident is the blast of an unidentified explosive device conducted by unidentified persons -- simply speaking, a terrorist act."" State TV also quoted survivors who said they heard a blast moments before the train derailed. The Russian prosecutor's office is investigating whether the crash was caused by a terrorist attack, spokeswoman Marina Gridneva said. Police said they found a small crater beneath the tracks. But authorities were also looking into the possibility there was a technical fault on the track. Health Minister Tatyana Golikova said 96 people were injured, while the Russian prosecutor's office said 102 were hurt. Forty of the injured were in critical condition, Golikova said. Eighteen people were still listed as missing after the Friday night crash, said Sergei Shoigu, the Russian minister for emergency situations. A total of 681 people -- 20 of them employees -- were on the Nevsky Express as it traveled from Moscow to St. Petersburg on Friday night. The Nevsky Express is Russia's fastest train, equivalent to a bullet train. The crash happened at 9:25 p.m. (1825 GMT) when the train was 280 kilometers (174 miles) from St. Petersburg, Russian state radio said. At least three carriages carrying more than 130 people derailed and turned on their sides, and emergency workers were working to free anyone who may still be trapped inside. The crash happened 44 minutes after another high-speed train, the Sapsan, had successfully traveled from Moscow to St. Petersburg on the same rails, a representative of the Russian Transport Police said during a video conference call Saturday. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Shoigu of the emergency situations ministry also took part in the call. Shoigu said he would get more information as the derailed cars are lifted and authorities can see what is underneath. In August 2007, an explosion on the tracks derailed the Nevsky Express, injuring 60 people in what authorities called a terrorist act. Some 27,000 passengers on 60 trains were facing delays Saturday as a result of the accident, Russian State TV reported. CNN's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- English Premier League side Everton are pondering proposing a ground share with city rivals Liverpool following the rejection of plans for their own 50,000 stadium. Everton had proposed the new $660 million combined stadium and shopping complex for Kirkby, located north-east of the city, but were rejected by the local council. Chief executive Robert Elstone admits the club could be interested in teaming up with their city neighbours at Stanley Park, the planned location for Liverpool's new 61,000 stadium. ""We are going to look forward and look forward positively,"" Elston told the British Press Association. ""A shared stadium is perhaps an option if it's affordable."" Everton are keen to take advantage of the increased revenue a bigger stadium would bring over their current 40,000-capacity Goodison Park ground. With their Kirkby proposal, which was to be co-funded by British supermarket chain Tesco, looking unlikely to get the go-ahead a ground share with Liverpool would seem an obvious solution especially with the Reds struggling to raise the necessary money to get the development going. ""We have to look at where we can raise money, because potentially Liverpool will have to obviously contribute to that, and Liverpool City Council perhaps might need to find some money,"" added Elston. ""We're going to have to start to have those conversations; we're not going to have to be open-minded about solutions."" Liverpool's American owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett however have previously said they were opposed to such plans as they did not want to lose out on the revenue streams which come from sole ownership. The Anfield club's position seems unlikely to change, at least in the short term, with their deputy executive director Peter Shaw telling Sky Sports: ""It's not on our agenda at the moment. Liverpool are progressing forward with our own stadium. That is the position we are still in."" The rejection of the Kirkby stadium proposal is a major blow to Everton's future plans with the club hoping the development would have encouraged much needed investment. ""That was the big attraction to Kirkby, that it was affordable,"" added Elston. ""Then it's about reviewing alternatives and sitting down with partners, all the stakeholders in this region and anybody who can help Everton deliver what it needs -- which is a world-class stadium that's going to secure our future for years to come."""
"London (CNN) -- Drug smugglers are using ever more creative methods to hide their stashes, including tucking them inside yams, peanuts and birthday cards, a new list reveals. The list -- released by the UK Border Agency -- rounds up last year's most unusual drug concealments. Details of the smuggling scams are used to raise awareness on drug traffickers' ploys and the penalties that follow. ""These smuggling attempts show the lengths that organized criminals will go to in a bid to get drugs into the UK,"" said Brodie Clark, chief of Border Force. In March, authorities nabbed a suspect with cocaine concealed in packets of peanuts and cashew nuts. The freight at Gatwick Airport had been sent from Jamaica. A 50-year-old man pleaded guilty to drug smuggling and was sent to prison for seven years. In another case, cocaine was found in metal drums containing powdered nuts at Heathrow Airport. It had originated in Mexico and was destined for Melbourne, Australia. In a joint operation with their Australian counterparts, UK police sent a dummy shipment to the address, and police nabbed five men who opened the drums. Famous names were dragged into the scams as well. Drug smugglers tried to conceal cannabis in a painting of former Arsenal player Emmanuel Adebayor. The wooden frame of the soccer star originated from his native Togo and was destined for an address in Tottenham -- close to the team's north London rival by the same name. Investigations are ongoing. In August, authorities seized yams concealed with drugs aboard a freight flight at Kent International Airport in Manston. The food, which had been cut open to stash the drugs and glued back together, originated from Ghana. Other hiding places include drugs scatterered inside air spaces of glass ornaments shaped like love hearts, chickens and miniature bottles. Origin? Peru. Destination? Bristol. The list goes on and on. Officials intercepted a man who had strapped blocks of heroin onto his body; a suspect who had hidden drugs on a birthday card and two others who had swallowed packs of drugs. Authorities said they use various ways to catch smugglers, including sniffer dogs, X-ray machines, intelligence and scans on passengers' baggage. ""Criminals are prepared to invest large sums of money to come up with ever better concealment methods because they know the potential profits from the awful trade in harmful drugs are considerable,"" Clark said. ""However, the smugglers are no match for the skill of our officers and the state-of-the-art technology at their disposal."""
(CNN) -- Roger Federer takes on Robin Soderling, who knocked out tournament favorite Rafael Nadal in a fourth-round stunner, in the men's final of the French Open on Sunday. Roger Federer screams in joy after beating Juan Martin del Potro to reach the French Open final. A victory in Roland Garros would give Federer 14 Grand Slams, tying his career wins to American Pete Sampras. The second-seed Federer lagged at first, but beat Argentine Juan Martin del Potro on Friday to make the final. Soderling advanced over Chilean Fernando Gonzalez. Federer, 27, has a 9-0 record over the 24-year-old Swede going into the final. The Swiss star has suffered emotional defeats recently. At England's Wimbledon last year, he lost to Rafael Nadal after a five-year reign. The game, which ran about seven hours with a few rain breaks, was the longest-ever Wimbledon men's final. Nadal also beat Federer in the Australian Open earlier this year. Soderling stunned the top-seed Nadal by handing him a loss in the fourth round of the French Open. The 23rd-seed Soderling was a rank outsider against the world number one who had never lost a match on the clay at Roland Garros and was a short-priced favorite to win a record fifth straight title. In women's tennis, number one Dinara Safina was beaten Saturday in straight sets by fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final of the French Open at Roland Garros. Safina, who has reached the top of the world rankings despite not having a major title to her name, looked completely out-of-sorts against her compatriot, who secured a comfortable 6-4, 6-2 victory in just over an hour. The defeat was a crushing blow to Safina, 23, who has long had to contend with the accusations that she is not a worthy world number one -- and this third grand slam final defeat will do nothing to silence the doubters. It was the second straight year she has lost in the final here, after going down in straight sets to Ana Ivanovic of Serbia last year. It was also her second successive grand slam final defeat, having lost to Serena Williams in the Australian Open in Melbourne earlier this year.
"(CNN) -- Seven suspected pirates rescued by a Danish warship were turned over to authorities in Yemen early Friday, two days after they were picked up in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden. The French frigate Nivose escorts commercial ships in the Gulf of Aden on November 28, 2008. The men were rescued by the HDMS Absalon on Wednesday after being found in a powerless skiff with rocket-propelled grenades and AK-47s aboard, Danish Navy spokesman Jesper Lynge told CNN. They were found approximately 75 nautical miles (140 km) off the coast of Yemen following a distress call, Lynge said. ""These guys had been without propulsion on their small boat for several days without food or drinking water,"" he added. After receiving medical treatment aboard the Absalon, the ship's crew turned them over to Yemen's coast guard Friday morning, said Rasmus Tantholt, a reporter for Denmark's TV2, who was aboard the warship. The skiff's small engine was broken, and the Danish vessel sank the boat in order to prevent any hazard to sea traffic.  Watch how NATO is fighting piracy  . The men are suspected to be pirates because of the weapons on board, Lynge said. Pirates frequently use small boats to attack commercial vessels with small arms and grenades, but Lynge said Absalon crew could not connect the men ""directly with another pirate attack in the area,"" Lynge said. Lynge said the skiff was found in Yemeni waters, and the Absalon crew was instructed to hand over the men to the Yemen Coast Guard. Yemeni authorities must conduct any investigation because the episode took place in their jurisdiction, he said. CNN was unable to obtain an immediate comment from Yemeni authorities. Pirates have seized many ships in recent weeks in the waters of the Gulf of Aden, which separates Yemen from Somalia. So far this year, pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off the coast of Somalia and successfully hijacked nearly 40, according to the International Maritime Bureau. A multinational fleet, including vessels from the United States, NATO member states, Russia and India, has been patrolling waters of Indian Ocean near the Gulf, which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea. Around 20,000 oil tankers, freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year. CNN's Katy Byron contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- South Africa becomes the center of global attention Friday as the World Cup, sport's most avidly followed competition, kicks off four weeks of soccer action both on and off the pitch. Thousands of spectators from Africa and around the world are expected to pack the Soccer City stadium in Johannesburg for the opening ceremony ahead of the opening match at 4 p.m. (10 a.m. ET) between hosts South Africa -- known as ""Bafana Bafana"" -- and Mexico. Why the World Cup is sports' biggest occasion . Everyday life will stop for millions of fans around the world -- albeit temporarily -- as they follow the tournament on television, radio and online, including social media networks such as Twitter. CNN teams up with Foursquare for World Cup . Former South African president Nelson Mandela is expected to attend the kickoff, his grandson Nkosi Mandela said Tuesday -- but will not be able to stay for the whole of the match. Mandela, who is 91, played a key role in bringing the World Cup to South Africa but has made limited public appearances recently, although he did meet the South Africa squad last week. Pre-tournament celebrations have included a concert staged in Soweto on Thursday that featured Hugh Masakela and the Black Eyed Peas. The World Cup is arguably the biggest sporting event in the world, with only the Summer Olympics commanding as much global attention. FIFA, soccer's governing body, predicts a cumulative TV audience for the tournament of 26.29 billion viewers. Will you be following the World Cup? Send videos, stories, photos . South Africa 2010 marks the first time that the tournament, which was inaugurated in 1930 and is held every four years, has been staged in Africa. It follows FIFA efforts to take the tournament from soccer's traditional heartlands in Europe and South America to relatively under-developed markets such as the U.S. (1994) and South Korea and Japan (2002). FIFA now boasts more than 200 member states -- more than the United Nations. Argentina, Germany, Brazil and current world champions Italy have each won the current trophy, introduced in 1974, twice. Brazil was allowed to keep the original trophy after winning it for a third time in 1970. How you can sound like a World Cup expert . The finals, which will take in 64 matches and run for a month, are the climax of a three-year qualification campaign, which kicked off in August 2007 when New Caledonia beat Tahiti 1-0."
"SRINAGAR, Indian-controlled Kashmir (CNN) -- Anti-election demonstrators threw stones at two polling stations and clashed with Indian security forces Sunday as voters stood in long lines in Indian-controlled Kashmir to cast ballots in the second stage of state elections. An Indian Border Security Forces soldier watches as voters in Indian-controlled Kashmir wait to vote Sunday. The protesters yelled pro-independence and anti-poll slogans and threw stones at polling stations in two villages in the Ganderbal constituency, police said. Police used batons to restore order, but no one was injured, police said. People demonstrated in two other villages, Duderhama and Beehama in Ganderbal constituency -- one of six constituencies voting Sunday in the second of seven stages in the state assembly elections. The elections began after months of violent protests by anti-Indian groups, fearful state elections will firm up Indian control of the Muslim majority Himalayan state, and by Indian nationalists, fearful that separatist groups will gain control. Kashmir, divided between India and Pakistan and claimed by both, has been wracked by an 18-year bloody separatist campaign that authorities say has left at least 43,000 dead. Sunday's protests came a day after Indian paramilitary forces, according to authorities, gunned down two youths, one of them a high school student apparently taking part in an anti-India demonstration. Police Saturday fired on protesters in the town of Baramulla, killing 10th-grader Manzoor Ahmad Kumar, a senior police officer told CNN. Hundreds of protesters followed Kumar's body into the ""Old Town"" area of Baramulla, where demonstrators clashed with police. Protesters threw stones at a candidate's escort vehicles, the office said. Indian authorities deployed heavy paramilitary and police reinforcements to maintain order. Six protesters were injured in the fighting, police said. A police official said paramilitary forces in the Baramulla's Old Town area Saturday, shot and killed a second youth, Tanvir Ahmad Sheikh. Elsewhere Sunday, voting continued without incident. In Kangan constituency, voting picked up in the late morning and afternoon, and there and in Ganderbal, voters -- including many women -- lined up to cast their votes. Indian poll officials said the turnout was about 65 percent of eligible voters. Heavy security was also deployed in Srinagar, the summer capital of Indian-administered Kashmir. Indian paramilitary troopers carried automatic weapons and blocked roads with barricades and coils of razor wire there and in other towns.   The first phase of elections was held November 17 and the third will be held November 30."
"(CNN) -- A large ice shelf is ""imminently"" close to breaking away from part of the Antarctic Peninsula, scientists said Friday. Scientists are investigating whether the ice breakup is caused by global climate change. Satellite images released by the European Space Agency on Friday show new cracks in the Wilkins Ice Shelf where it connects to Charcot Island, a piece of land considered part of the peninsula. The cracks are quickly expanding, the ESA said. Scientists are investigating the causes for the breakups and whether it is linked to global climate change. The Wilkins Ice Shelf -- a large mass of floating ice -- would still be connected to Latady Island, which is also part of the peninsula, and Alexander Island, which is not, said professor David Vaughan, a glaciologist at the British Antarctic Survey. The ice shelf experienced a great amount of changes last year, the ESA said. In February 2008, the shelf dropped 164 square miles (425 square kilometers) of ice. In May it lost a 62-square-mile chunk. That meant the ""bridge"" of ice connecting Wilkins to the islands was just 984 yards wide at its narrowest location, the ESA said. Further rifts developed in October and November, said Angelika Humbert of the Institute of Geophysics at Germany's Muenster University. ""During the last year the ice shelf has lost about 1800 square kilometers (694 square miles), or about 14 percent of its size,"" Humbert said. Antarctica's ice sheet was formed over thousands of years by accumulated and compacted snow. Along the coast, the ice gradually floats on the sea, forming massive ledges known as ice shelves, the ESA says. Several of these ice shelves, including seven in the past 20 years, have retreated and disintegrated. The Wilkins Ice Shelf had been stable for most of the past century before it began retreating in the 1990s. ""It had been there almost unchanged since the first expeditions which mapped it back in the 1930s, so it had a very long period of real stability, and it's only in the last decade that it's started to retreat,"" Vaughan said. Wilkins is the size of the state of Connecticut, or about half the area of Scotland. It is the largest ice shelf on the Antarctic Peninsula yet to be threatened. If the ice shelf breaks away from the peninsula, it will not cause a rise in sea level because it is already floating, scientists say. Some plants and animals may have to adapt to the collapse. The Antarctic Peninsula is the piece of the continent that stretches toward South America."
"ANTALYA, Turkey (CNN) -- Two men who hijacked a Turkish passenger jet have surrendered to authorities after releasing the remaining passengers and crew they had been holding hostage. The passenger jet was en route from Northern Cyprus to Istanbul. The hijacking occurred earlier on Saturday when the Istanbul-bound Atlasjet Airlines flight from Cyprus was forced to make an emergency landing in southeastern Turkish city of Antalya after the hijackers claimed to have a bomb. Most of those aboard had managed to escape soon after landing, but four passengers and two crew members had been held as hostages, local government officials said. ""The adventure that started early in the morning finally came to an end,"" Atlasjet CEO Tuncay Doganer told reporters. ""With the two hijackers having surrendered, the incident ended with no bloodshed."" The other 132 passengers and four crew members had fled to safety from the plane's emergency exits as the hijackers were releasing children and women. TV footage showed passengers running from the plane's side and back doors. The Turkish Ministry of Transportation said the pilots escaped through the cockpit windows. Turkish Interior Minister Osman Gunes said one of the hijackers was Turkish while the other had a Syrian passport but may have been Palestinian, Reuters reported. A civil aviation official said it was unclear whether the hijackers did have a bomb but that they appeared to have been armed with a knife. Witnesses said the incident started shortly after the flight had taken off from Ercan airport in Turkish-recognized Northern Cyprus when two men from the back of the plane rushed to the front and tried to break open the cockpit door. When their attempts failed, witnesses said the men began talking to the flight attendants in a mix of Arabic and English and asked to be taken to either Iran or Syria. Passenger Ercan Tekkan told Reuters the hijackers had said they did not want to hurt anyone. ""The plane made some maneuvers and we thought the plane was going to crash ... Then the plane landed and the pilots escaped from the cockpit while the hijackers kept kicking the cockpit door,"" he said. Barkin Inan, another passenger, said the experience had been ""terrifying."" ""They looked anxious and were sweating. They went towards the cockpit. I shouted 'hijackers' to warn the other passengers but most of them were asleep,"" he said. Antalya Governor Alaaddin Yuksel told reporters that one of the men had claimed to be a member of al Qaeda, Reuters reported. Police also arrested a passenger suspected of being linked to the hijackers, he said. E-mail to a friend . Reuters contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- You don't want to monkey around on a blind date, especially if your friends are also taking an interest in the same dark, handsome stranger. Jookie, as she is known, studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah, who is heading for London Zoo. So when three female gorillas at London Zoo heard that they would soon be visited by a brooding French hunk -- well, they went a bit bananas. The latest development in Anglo-French relations sees Yeboah, a 20-stone 12-year-old, leave his current home at La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo, Pays de la Loire, northwest France and head for the British capital by the end of the year. There he will be greeted by gorilla trio Zaire, Effie and Mjukuu, who were given posters of their prospective boyfriend for the first time Thursday. One female gorilla shrieked in delight, while another wedged the poster in a tree to stare at it. A third, clearly overcome by emotion, held the photo close to her chest -- then ate it. Their reception was somewhat unsurprising. The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby, a silverback, in December.  Tracey Lee, team leader at London Zoo, put in a good word for the hirsute lothario on the London Zoo Web site, saying Yeboah is ""a very charming, fun loving and intelligent gorilla."" But whom will Yeboah choose to charm first? Zaire, at 34, is the oldest female gorilla and has been at London Zoo since 1984. The zoo says she's ""happiest when she's taking down and rebuilding her nest in various spots around the island. She loves to play with fabric and often drags it around with her all day. "" Then there's Effie, 16, who ""enjoys seeing toddlers and often makes her way over to the glass when they come to see her,"" according to the zoo Web site.   Finally there's 10-year-old Mjukuu, or ""Jookie."" Dan Simmonds, a keeper at the zoo's Gorilla Kingdom, says she ""has this 'butter wouldn't melt look' to her, and she gets away with murder.""  ""The other two females get along with her very well; she seems to have them all wrapped around her little finger."" Bridget Fallon contributed to this story."
"(CNN) -- A 13-year-old Indian boy has batted his way into cricket history with a record-breaking innings of 498 in a school tournament in Mumbai, India. Armaan Jaffer, the nephew of former India international batsman Wasim Jaffer, hit the highest score ever made by a schoolboy in a local under-14 competition on Wednesday. It was only three runs short of the alltime first-class record set by West Indies star Brian Lara in 1994. Jaffer's huge total came from 490 balls, from which he hit 77 fours, and surpassed the 439 his Rizvi Springfield school teammate Sarfaraz Khan scored in 2009. Rizvi eventually declared on an intimidating 800-8, with opponents IES Raja Shivaji School on 52-2 in reply at the end of the second day's play. Despite his notable achievement, Jaffer expressed his regret that he was unable to reach 500 runs. ""I am a little disappointed that I missed the 500-mark but as we say, 'One mistake and you are back in the pavilion,' "" he said in quotes reported on the Cricinfo website. Jaffer and his teammates talk about his feat on YouTube . His uncle Wasim had previously broken the same record, but Jaffer insisted beating the landmark figure never crossed his mind and he thanked his coach Raju Pathak for his guidance during the innings. ""I was not thinking about any record, not about Sarfaraz's 439 and not even about Wasim uncle's 403. I was just following my coach's instructions. I am thankful to him for his motivation."" Pathak said he had given his batsman a free reign to play as he wished, having been on 295 when he resumed his innings. ""He is a very disciplined player,"" he said. ""I had told him last evening I want you to play a long innings, so go ahead and score as many runs you want. ""Based on your innings, we will declare the target. But he surprised me as well and created a record innings. I am very pleased with his game."" Like millions of young cricket hopefuls in India, there is one man who Jaffer hopes to emulate when he is older. ""Sachin Tendulkar is my idol. His determination and focus are the things that stand out."""
"United Nations (CNN) -- In a contentious closed-door U.N. Security Council meeting Tuesday, Russia criticized France's decision to airlift weapons to rebel forces in Libya, according to a Western diplomat present during the discussions. Earlier Tuesday, French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet told reporters that parachute drops of weapons into the North African nation were ""no longer necessary"" because opposition forces had become organized enough to procure their own arms. Rebels battling Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi are ""becoming more autonomous,"" Longuet said. ""This autonomy allows them to build relationships with external partners, including when it comes to equipping themselves in self-defense,"" he said. But even as Longuet said the weapons drops were no longer needed, debate over the approach continued. Russia brought up the issue at the U.N. Security Council session Tuesday, arguing that by sending weapons, France had violated the council's resolution that authorized NATO force in Libya, the Western diplomat said. France offered a detailed defense of the country's actions, arguing that supplying weapons was ""the only practical way of fulfilling"" the council's mandate authorizing force to take ""all necessary measures"" to protect civilians, the diplomat said. During Tuesday's meeting, ambassadors from the United Kingdom and United States defended France's actions, according to the Western diplomat. France acknowledged last Wednesday that it had supplied weapons to anti-Gadhafi forces, saying the weapons were provided for self-defense. ""It became clear that people there were defenseless and very much threatened by Gadhafi's forces,"" French Ministry of Defense spokesman Colonel Thierry Burkhard said last Wednesday. Libyan Prime Minister Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi told reporters last week that rebel forces were receiving arms from France but were not trained in their use. He said it was reckless of France to take such action, saying it went ""against all of the proclaimed aims of NATO's intervention in Libya."" Meanwhile, in Libya, a rebel spokesman said fighting had moved Tuesday westward from Misrata, which rebel forces say they continue to hold. Eleven rebels were killed in Dafniya, and one was killed in Zliten, said Mohammed Ibrahim, the spokesman. Another 60 rebels were wounded in the two cities, he said, citing figures from Al-Hekma Hospital, in Misrata. Pro-Gadhafi forces fired some six rockets into Misrata, but they caused no casualties, he said. The opposition website freemisurata.com, published by Ibrahim's group, said at least 20 members of Gadhafi's forces were killed and six were captured Tuesday in Dafniya and Zliten. CNN's Richard Roth and Mick B. Krever and journalists Catherine Clifford and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report."
"Jerusalem (CNN) -- The Israeli ambassador to Jordan has returned to Amman a day after security concerns pushed officials to send much of the embassy staff home early, an Israeli foreign ministry spokeswoman said Friday. All but a skeleton staff at the Israeli Embassy in Amman went home due to security concerns Thursday. Staffers typically travel between Amman and Israel every Friday and Saturday, but they were sent home a day early this week after last week's ransacking of the Israeli Embassy in Cairo by protesters and plans for anti-Israel protests this week in Amman. The turnout for Thursday's demonstration in the Jordanian capital, however, was small and the Israeli ambassador returned Friday. The full embassy staff is expected to be back at work Sunday in Amman. Anti-Israel expressions and demonstrations have been taking place in Amman recently. A Facebook page calling for a million-man protest to close the Israeli Embassy in Amman has more than 3,000 people signed up as ""attending"" the event. Also, protesters against Jordan's ties with Israel have been gathering every Thursday outside an Amman mosque for more than a year. Those who organize the gatherings refer to themselves as the jama'at al-Kalouti, which means ""the group of the Kalouti,""  named after the mosque near the Israeli Embassy in western Amman. The protesters are calling for the closure of the embassy, the expulsion of the ambassador and annulment of the 1994 peace treaty that established diplomatic relations between Jordan and Israel. On Thursday night, about 400 people gathered outside the mosque, according to Petra, Jordan's state-run news agency. Eyewitnesses reported that security was increased around the already-fortified embassy in the western part of Amman in anticipation of the protest. More than half of Jordan's 6.5 million residents are of Palestinian origin. On September 9, an estimated 3,000 Egyptian protesters tore down a wall surrounding the building that houses the Israeli Embassy in Cairo and entered its offices, tossing papers bearing Hebrew writing from the windows and into the streets. Egyptians have been angry about the killing last month of five Egyptian police officers by Israeli soldiers when Israel went after militants who had attacked civilians near the Israeli-Egyptian border. CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and journalist Amy Hybels contributed to this report."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Eight cadets and staff members were killed in Pakistan during an an eight-hour standoff Monday with gunmen who stormed a police training center in Lahore, said Gen. Athar Abbas, a military spokesman. Police fire into the air after retaking the police training center in Lahore attacked by militants. The militants had been holed up on the top floor of a three-story building, said Rehman Malik, the head of the country's Interior Ministry. Security forces gained control of the first two floors and eventually made their way to the top, finally taking control of it and arresting the gunmen Monday afternoon. Television pictures showed security forces firing into the air from the roof of the building after the firefight. ""The operation is over. Four terrorists were killed and three arrested,"" Interior Ministry Secretary Kamal Shah told Reuters. Malik and Abbas confirmed the figures. Abbas added some of the dead militants blew themselves up. The gang of seven gunmen stormed the academy in the Manawan area of the eastern Pakistani city, said Malik. Abbas had previously said 30 people were killed. He cited the error on wrong information by his sources at the scene.  Watch more about the attack  . At a news conference Monday night, Malik named the leader of the Pakistani Taliban, Baitullah Mehsud, and his followers as the prime suspect in organizing the attack. Mehsud is also accused of plotting the assassination of former PM Benazir Bhutto. At least 78 people were wounded in the attack, authorities said. Lahore is the same city where gunmen opened fire March 10 on a bus carrying members of the Sri Lankan national cricket team on their way to a stadium for a match. The well-coordinated attack wounded at least eight members of the team and killed a driver and six Pakistani police officers. In Monday's incident, the attackers hurled grenades, then stormed the compound and opened fire while officers were taking part in their morning drill. About 800 officers train at the facility, but authorities could not say exactly how many were inside at the time. The attackers, some in police uniforms, took dozens of officers hostage, said Asim Rizwan, spokesman for governor of Punjab -- the province where Lahore is located. Paramilitary forces and the army descended on the scene. Every few minutes, the gunmen detonated explosives or fired on reporters and police personnel outside, sending them scurrying for cover. Angry onlookers pumped their fists in the air and cheered as police led away a suspect they had captured. He had on him a grenade and a knife, officials told CNN. CNN's Reza Sayah contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Around 204,000 people have fled their homes in the Somali capital of Mogadishu as a result of a militant offensive against government forces, the U.N. refugee agency said on Tuesday. Islamist fighters exchange gunfire with government forces in Mogadishu on July 3. The eight-week long push by Al-Shaabab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias has prompted what the agency calls ""the biggest exodus from the troubled Somali capital since the Ethiopian intervention in 2007."" ""The escalating conflict in Mogadishu is having a devastating impact on the city's population causing enormous suffering and massive displacement,"" the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said. The agency said its local partners in the capital reported that fighting over the past week ""has killed some 105 people and injured 382."" ""Neighborhoods affected by the fighting include Kaaran, Shibis, Shangaani and Boondheere in North Mogadishu. These areas have hitherto been islands of peace, escaping much of the conflict and destruction. Many residents are fleeing their homes for the first time since the start of the Somali civil war in 1991,"" the agency said. The agency said the number of internally displaced people in Somalia amounts to more than 1.2 million people. There has been growing concern that Somalia, in the Horn of Africa, could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Last month, a U.S. State Department spokesman said the United States is providing weapons and ammunition to Somalia's transitional government as it fights al Qaeda-linked Islamist militants. CIA Director Leon Panetta recently said that the intelligence agency is keeping tabs on the region as a possible destination for fleeing al Qaeda operatives. ""Our concern right now is that likely safe havens are areas in the Horn of Africa, like Somalia and Yemen, that are countries that because of their political status can be attractive to al Qaeda in order to operate there,"" Panetta said earlier this month. Al-Shaabab, also known as the Mujahideen Youth Movement, was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the United States in March 2008. It is waging a war against Somalia's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law."
"(CNN) -- A body found in southeast Memphis, Tennessee, on Wednesday has been identified as that of former professional basketball player Lorenzen Wright, Memphis police said. The cause of death has been ruled as ""homicide by gunshot wound,"" police said Thursday in a news release, adding that the Shelby County medical examiner used dental records to confirm Wright's identity. ""Investigators continue to work around the clock to bring justice to Mr. Wright and his family,"" the police department said in a statement. Before that confirmation, Wright's family had already said that they were mourning his loss. Wright's cousin, Camella Logan, had released a statement to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper saying, ""We appreciate your thoughts, prayers and condolences as they are comforting at this very difficult time."" Wright, who has a home in Atlanta, was reported missing on July 22. He had been visiting with his former wife and their children in Collierville, near Memphis, investigators said. Wright was last seen at his former wife's home shortly before midnight on July 18, and a 911 call was placed from his phone in the early hours of July 19, police said. His body was found on Wednesday by Shelby County Emergency Services Search and Rescue, police said. Dewayne Benton, a Christian radio personality in Memphis, said he left work early to investigate reports his station received about the body. Benton described the crowded crime scene as somber. ""Lorenzen Wright had a lot of financial problems ... but this was just horrible,"" said Benton. ""He was one of the favorite sons of Memphis,"" he added. The 6-foot-11-inch Wright was a high school basketball star in Memphis, and he played professionally for the NBA's Memphis Grizzlies from 2001 through 2006. ""We are deeply saddened by the tragic death of Lorenzen Wright,"" the team's majority owner, Michael Heisley, said in a statement on the Grizzlies' website. ""We lost a member of the Grizzlies family."" During his 13-year professional basketball career Wright also played with the Los Angeles Clippers, Sacramento Kings and most recently with the Cleveland Cavaliers. Wright did two tours with the Atlanta Hawks as well, from 1999 to 2001 and from 2006 to 2008. Former Hawks coach Lenny Wilkens said, ""Lorenzen was a real congenial young man who played with a lot of enthusiasm. This is certainly a huge loss for his family and friends."" ""Our thoughts and prayers are with [his family] during this difficult time,"" said Hawks General Manager Rick Sund in a press statement released Thursday by the NBA team."
"(CNN)  -- Manchester United are given more injury-time at the end of matches to equalize or score winning goals than their English Premier League rivals, a study has revealed. Owen's 96th minute winner at Old Trafford left Manchester City livid. As the row over the near seven minutes of added time accorded to United to win the Manchester derby with a last-gasp Michael Owen goal continues, the Guardian newspaper probed the official injury-time statistics. They looked at league matches at United's Old Trafford ground since the start of the 2006-07 season and revealed  that, on average, there has been over a minute of extra time added by referees when the English champions do not have the lead. This is compared to when they are in front, but United have a reputation for scoring late goals on their ways to claiming three straight Premier League crowns. In 48 games when Alex Ferguson's men were in front, the average amount of stoppage time was 191.35 seconds. In 12 matches when United were drawing or losing there was an average of 257.17 seconds. In mitigation, the study revealed that the average stoppage time added at Old Trafford is below that at the home grounds of top four rivals Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea. United's is 205 seconds, compared to Liverpool's 210 seconds, 224 seconds for Arsenal and Chelsea's 229 seconds. But it is the disparity between the time added on when United are winning or losing which appears to assert the popular assertion that referees allow the match to continue until the Red Devils either equalizer or score the winner. Manchester City manager Mark Hughes raged over the extra time in the 4-3 thriller on Sunday, speaking of feeling ""robbed"" as Owen slotted home his winner. The 2007-08 season shows the greatest difference, with an average of 178.29 second added when United were winning, with official stats from Opta showing 254.5 seconds added when they were not. The trend has continued in the first three United home games of the season. In the two matches United have led they have played an average 304 seconds of injury time. On Sunday, referee Martin Atkinson allowed the game to go on for another 415 seconds, despite his fourth official initially indicating 240 seconds should be added."
"(CNN) -- Iceland and Sweden plan to take in about 200 Palestinian refugees from Iraq who have been living in refugee camps along the Iraqi-Syrian border, the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday. More than two dozen refugees stranded at the Al Waleed refugee camp for the last two years will be headed to Iceland in the next few weeks, the agency said. In addition, 155 Palestinians in the Al Tanf refugee camp have been accepted for resettlement in Sweden, it said. Many Palestinians living in Iraq have gotten caught up in the violence that has engulfed the country since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 and have had to flee their homes. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said that out of the estimated 34,000 Palestinians who lived in Iraq since 2003, about 10,000 to 15,000 remain. The UNHCR says about 2,300 Palestinians ""are living in desperate conditions along the Iraq-Syria border."" They are, the UNHCR says, ""unable to return to Iraq or to cross the borders to neighboring countries."" It says the Al Waleed camp has 1,400 people and Al Tanf about 900. ""UNHCR has repeatedly called for international support for the Palestinians but with few results. Few Palestinians in the border camps have been accepted for resettlement or offered shelter in third countries; 223 Palestinians left to non-traditional resettlement countries such as Brazil and Chile. ""Some urgent medical cases were taken by a few European countries, but this is a very small number out of the 2,300 Palestinians stranded in the desert,"" the UNHCR said in a statement. It noted that Sudan has made an offer to take in some of those Palestinians, and said ""UNHCR and Palestinian representatives are finalizing an operations plan that will enable this to take place."" Refugees International recently asked the United States government to intervene and resettle the Palestinians in the United States instead of Sudan, which itself is engulfed in sectarian fighting and whose government has been condemned for atrocities. ""The Palestinians being resettled in Sudan is obviously not an ideal or preferred solution,"" State Department spokesman Kurtis Cooper told CNN last month. ""But we accept the judgment of the UNHCR that it is preferable to the Palestinians continuing to be stranded in the border area in extremely dire circumstances."""
"Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Yemen's prime minister, Ali Mujawar, on Monday defended his government, saying there is no reason Egypt-style protests should take off in the country. ""Yemen is not Tunisia or Egypt,"" he said. ""Yemen has its own different situation... Yemen is a democratic country. Through all the stages, elections took place. And therefore this is a democratic regime."" He accused opposition parties of ""trying to duplicate what happened in Tunisia and Egypt, and act as if it should be imposed on the people here in Yemen."" Last Thursday, thousands of anti-government demonstrators gathered near Sanaa University in Yemen's capital. People of all ages chanted and held signs with messages against poverty and the government. Many not only expressed solidarity with the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt but also demanded that Yemen's president, Ali Abdullah Saleh, who has been in office for 32 years, needed to step down. While the protests in recent weeks in Yemen have been on a smaller scale than in Tunisia and Egypt, analysts say that Yemeni protesters are seeking many of the same things -- particularly a government that they feel represents them and that will provide them with more economic opportunities. President Saleh recently announced that he would not seek re-election in 2013, after more than three decades in office, and won't install his son to replace him. He also has asked his political opponents ""to re-engage in dialogue in hopes of reaching a sustainable and reconcilable political agreement,"" the Yemeni government said. Prime Minister Mujawar said that if the opposition responds negatively to the president's initiative, ""democratic life in Yemen will continue because it does not rely only on the opposition of 'joint meeting parties.' We have the people of Yemen who want to see the implementation of their constitutional entitlements through parliamentary elections."" Asked whether political turmoil in Yemen could benefit al Qaeda, Mujawar responded, ""Absolutely -- everything is possible. Those extremists who are in Yemen found a suitable environment where there is poverty and unemployment. ""By the way, they also take advantage of Yemen's terrain, which is complex and difficult -- it is mountainous and has widespread desert areas,"" he added. ""They are now spread in rural areas and therefore, the size of their attacks are not frequent and they happen at specific times in the cities."""
"(CNN) -- The National Transportation Safety Board on Tuesday will launch three days of hearings into the circumstances surrounding the US Airways Flight 1549 emergency landing on New York's Hudson River. In January, passengers of US Airways Flight 1549 had to be rescued out of the Hudson River after a bird strike. Looking into several issues from the January 15 incident -- from migratory birds to why a rear door opened after the landing -- the NTSB panel will hear testimony from key witnesses, including Capt. Chesley ""Sully"" Sullenberger, the pilot; and Billy Campbell, the only passenger scheduled to testify. On Monday, the NTSB corrected remarks made by board member Robert Sumwalt, who was quoted by The Associated Press as saying Campbell was being called to contradict statements made by flight attendant Doreen Welsh, who has said a panicked passenger opened the rear door. The NTSB said Sumwalt, who will lead the three days of hearings, was mistaken and that Campbell's written statement does not suggest Welsh opened the rear door. NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson said the board asked Campbell to testify because he had the most detailed statement of those people in the cabin at the time of the crash. ""Safety Board investigators interviewed 145 passengers, each of whom provided their own perspective on what happened,"" the NTSB said Monday night. ""Some of the passenger reports conflicted with the accounts of other passengers, including accounts of how the rear door was opened."" ""What was consistently reported by those inside the plane was that the water entered the aft section of the cabin immediately while everyone was still seated,"" the statement said, adding that the NTSB will focus on how the water gushing ""affected the ability of the passengers and the crew to evacuate the aircraft since two of the four slide-rafts were in the rear of the plane, on each of the rear doors, and they could not be used."" Sullenberger was the pilot in command during the flight, which lost power in both engines after hitting a flock of Canada geese. Bird detection, and standards for engines to handle bird strikes, are among subjects to be covered in the hearing. Other topics include pilot training for ditching and forced landings on water, and cabin-safety training, emergency procedures and equipment. CNN's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- World number one Rafael Nadal insists he is fully prepared for a punishing schedule leading up to the defense of his French Open title at Roland Garos in a month's time. The Spaniard had little time to celebrate his record-breaking victory over David Ferrer in the Monte Carlo Masters on Sunday, before flying home to participate in the Barcelona Open. Fresh from his landmark seventh successive Monaco title, Nadal has two more tournaments in the diary after Barcelona before he aims to claim a sixth title in Paris. But despite his history of injuries, the 24-year-old claims he is fit and ready for a bruising lead-in to the second major tennis championship of the year. ""During the match I was more tired than usual. But in general it was positive,"" he told the official ATP Tour web site. ""That's important because these kinds of matches improve your condition physically and mentally. ""It's negative because you spent a lot of time on court, you have to run a lot on court, it's always tough for the body. But if you talk about [what it does] mentally and physically, that can help a lot for the rest of the clay season."" Nadal has played 17 matches in the last four weeks but is due to appear at masters events in Rome and Madrid after defending his Barcelona title. The 24-year-old has a formidable record at the event he has won five times, tasting defeat just once in 25 matches, and says this is a vital period in shaping his season. ""That's the calendar. That's where I have to play my best, where I have to defend a lot of points,"" Nadal said. ""Indian Wells to Wimbledon is the most [important] part of the season for me. These four or five months are decisive in my season. ""Every year I did a fantastic clay court season. I have to try to do it another time. With these four or five tournaments, if I am playing very well, I'm going to have the biggest chances to have enough points to try to be in the top position at the end of the year ranking. ""That's the top of my system in general. So I have to try. I am healthy now, so why not?"" Despite his victory in Monte Carlo, Nadal says there are areas of his game he needs to work on -- something he is aiming to do when he faces the winner of the first round clash between Daniel Gimeno-Traver and Potito Starace. ""I think I can improve a few things for next weeks,"" Nadal said. ""I am sliding less than usual on clay. It is easier to defend well when you are sliding, especially to the forehand. But I have two more days to practice for Barcelona. Let's see."""
"(CNN) -- Olympic cycling champion Bradley Wiggins has left American outfit Team Garmin-Transitions to join his native Britain's first professional elite-level line-up. The 29-year-old, who has won the last two Olympic individual pursuit titles and finished fourth at last year's Tour De France, has signed a four-year contract with Team Sky. He had been with Garmin for only one season, and needed to win a release from his contract for 2010 to join up with Sky, backed by broadcasting giant BSkyB. ""Although we understand his strong desire to be a part of the UK's first-ever Pro Tour team, we would have loved to continue with him through 2010. His departure is not the outcome we hoped for,"" Garmin said in a statement on Thursday. Team Sky officials were delighted to add Wiggins to a roster that already features Geraint Thomas, Ian Stannard, Russell Downing, Peter Kennaugh, Chris Froome and Steve Cummings. ""Brad will be at home in Team Sky. It is the perfect fit and he will be a marquee rider for us,"" said team principal Dave Brailsford, who is also British Cycling's performance director. ""He is an exceptional athlete -- a great performer at a great age. And he will get better still. ""At Team Sky he can continue to develop, surrounded by some of the coaches and performance experts who have worked with him for years as part of the British Cycling set-up. ""With his experience he will help us to develop our great young talents too."" Team Sky's first major race will be the Tour Down Under in January. Wiggins is hoping to build on his 2009 season with another strong showing in cycling's premier event, the Tour de France, after joining his sixth professional team since starting out with the Linda McCartney outfit in 2001. ""It has been an amazing year for me and my ride at the Tour has given me the drive to aim even higher,"" he told reporters. ""I know I can continue to develop and Team Sky is the perfect place to make that happen. ""Team Sky has huge ambitions, not just for the team but for cycling and inspiring the public to ride. It's an amazing project and the next four years will be very exciting. ""Obviously it was always going to be a difficult situation to leave Garmin. I was surrounded by friends, had close relationships with the riders and some of the staff. ""But there was was only ever going to be one team I would leave that team for, and that was of course to come home to Team Sky and pretty much everyone who has helped me to my Olympic success."""
"NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Indian government doctors Thursday eased the protruding heart of a 10-day-old baby boy back into his body in what they called a critical but successful surgery. Surgeons in New Dehli, India, operate on a 10-day-old baby whose heart was outside his chest. A.K. Bisoi, cardiothoracic surgeon at New Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences, told CNN that his 13-member team did not stop the child's heartbeat as they performed the 3-hour operation. The dangling organ has been successfully placed in a space surgically created between the chest and the abdomen, he said. ""The baby is stable. He may not require any other surgery,"" Bisoi said. Nonetheless, the doctors will keep him under observation and will not comment on when he can be discharged. Bisoi explained that surgeons had to displace organs including the lungs and the liver as they created a space for the heart. ""We will have to keep a watch on how those organs respond,"" he said.  Watch more on the surgery  . The baby was born August 25 in a remote village in India's eastern state of Bihar along the border with Nepal. He was admitted to the hospital the next day with acute dehydration and infection that doctors say he probably caught during a 683-mile (1,100-kilometer) journey in a rickety train compartment. Specialists replaced the baby's infected blood and covered his heart with a synthetic membrane. Bisoi described the case -- called ectopia cordis, which only affects five to eight cases in 1 million live births -- as a ""lifetime opportunity"" that might shed light on how to deal with similar conditions in the future. ""You are daring to correct a defect of Mother Nature,"" he told CNN a day ahead of the surgery. All India Institute of Medical Sciences, a state-run hospital, carried out the operation free of cost. The child's 24-year-old father, Chander Majhi, is a laborer in Bihar, one of India's most impoverished states. He said he felt indebted to the doctor in his home state as well as the hospital specialists. The Bihar doctor had not only referred the baby to the hospital but also financed the trip."
"(CNN) -- The skeletal remains of two infants were found underneath a rural Texas trailer, police said Monday, in the same area where another set of infant remains was found last year. The skeletal remains of two infants were found near a Texas trailer, police said Monday. Authorities were called about 3:30 p.m. Sunday to the trailer south of Kennedale, about 15 miles southeast of Fort Worth, Texas, in rural Tarrant County, said Terry Grisham, spokesman for the Tarrant County Sheriff's Office. There is a group of about five mobile homes there, he said, that are leased by the property owner. One of the mobile homes had recently become vacant, and the owner was cleaning it up, Grisham said. The owner pulled back the metal ""skirt"" around the bottom of the mobile home and was ""digging around in there,"" and found a plastic bag, Grisham said. When the man opened it up, he found a box, and inside the box he found the ""bones of a very young infant,"" Grisham told CNN. He continued to look, and found another plastic container with more remains inside, of a ""similar-aged infant,"" before calling 911, Grisham said. In 2008, the same man called police to report that he had found a suitcase in the same area, in an overgrown field a distance away from the mobile homes, while dumping leaves. When he used a knife to cut into the suitcase, a set of infant bones were found, Grisham said. The medical examiner's office was unable to determine a cause of death because the remains were skeletal, although no bones were broken, he said. ""We worked the thing as best we could, without any more to go on than we had,"" but the investigation stalled, Grisham said. Police have contacted the two people -- a brother and sister -- who recently moved out of the trailer, he said. The two have been cooperative with authorities, he said. They were interviewed separately, but both told police they had no idea the remains were there, Grisham said. Authorities and the medical examiner's office remained at the scene Monday, Grisham said, and plan to use cadaver dogs at the site Monday afternoon in an effort to determine whether more remains were present. ""This ground is pretty brushy and overgrown,"" he said. A county work crew was brought in to carefully cut down the brush to aid the search, he said. CNN's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report."
"New York (CNN) -- A former aide to Bernard Madoff, who faces charges related to Madoff's massive Ponzi scheme, appeared Friday in U.S. District Court for a pretrial hearing. Annette Bongiorno, 62, along with co-defendants George Perez, Daniel Bonventre and Joann Crupi, went before U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain to address concerns about the right to a speedy trial. Bongiorno's attorney, Roland Riopelle, said his client remains under detention at her Manhasset home on New York's Long Island with all of her assets restrained. He added, however, that there has been a ""very preliminary discussion with the government to work things out."" Swain reduced Bongiorno's bail to $3 million from $5 million a week ago. The charges against Bongiorno include conspiracy and tax evasion. Bongiorno turned herself in to the U.S. Marshals Service in Florida in December after a federal judge in New York rejected her bail, according to U.S. Marshals Deputy Wayne Pickering. Bongiorno had been approved for bail, but Swain later revoked that right over concerns of flight risk, given that she has access to millions of dollars, according to court documents. She is said to have managed investment accounts for some of Madoff's largest and most important customers, including Carl Shapiro, Stanley Chais and Jeffry Picower, said Madoff's secretary, Eleanor Squillari. ""(Bongiorno) was running the accounts for the favored clients,"" Squillari said. ""She really was the head of her department in the investment advisory part of the business."" The government previously filed civil complaints against Bongiorno and Crupi, both longtime Madoff employees who were supervisors of his ""back office"" staff. The suits are intended to retrieve millions of dollars in assets -- including homes and luxury cars -- that the two allegedly received while involved in Madoff's scheme. In December, Madoff's son, Mark Madoff, committed suicide in his Manhattan apartment two years to the day after his father was arrested for swindling $50 billion from investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history. Bernard Madoff pleaded guilty in 2009 and was sentenced to 150 years in prison. CNN's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- In South Korea, the launch of ""StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty"" is more than just a follow-up to one of the PC industry's top-selling games -- it could shake up what many see as the North Asian country's national sport. In high-tech South Korea -- which has one of the highest broadband penetration rates in the world -- the StarCraft video game series has spawned devotion more akin to professional sports teams. Indeed, video game players there can get lucractive contracts from professional teams with corporate sponsorships. Games of large tournaments are broadcast live on television in South Korea. ""In Korea, a lot of factors came together to make it a big thing,"" professional gamer Greg Fields told CNN's Kristie Lu Stout. The first StarCraft game, produced by Blizzard Entertainment in Irvine, California, came out in 1998 when the South Korean economy was melting down during the Asian Financial Crisis. ""It was in the middle of an economic recession and (StarCraft) was easy, cheap entertainment. It really took over and just captivated a nation,"" said Fields, a 20-year-old New Jersey native recruited two years ago to play StarCraft for the South Korean team CJ Entus. In a nod to the game's popularity in South Korea,  Blizzard first announced plans for StarCraft II at the Blizzard Worldwide Invitational in Seoul in May 2007. About 90 percent of South Korean households are connected to high-speed broadband and the nation has some 25,000 internet cafes, which took in $600 million last year, according to government figures. The gaming market is expected to be worth $5.5 billion this year with a 17 percent growth rate, according to the Korea Creative Content Agency (KOCCA). StarCraft II was first released Tuesday in South Korea and other Asian nations. The original game sold about 11 million copies worldwide . While gamers in South Korea are lining up to get copies of the new title, StarCraft II could be a game changer in the country's professional circuit, Fields said. ""In StarCraft II, the leagues aren't established yet, they're all building up -- it's going to be huge, but we don't know how long it will take, how huge it will be, whether (existing teams) will be good at the game or not,"" Fields said. CNN's Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this report ."
(CNN) -- Inter Milan's faultless record under new coach Leonardo came to an abrupt halt on Sunday as the reigning Serie A champions lost 3-1 to Udinese. Inter were on course for their sixth straight win since the Brazilian took over from Rafa Benitez in December when Dejan Stankovic gave them the lead after a quarter of an hour. But Udinese struck back almost immediately with goals from Cristian Zapata after 20 minutes and Antonio Di Natale five minutes later. Maurizio Domizzi added the home side's third in the 69th minute leaving Inter too much to do in the final 20 minutes of the match. The result means Udinese stay in eighth place, but are now only one point behind Palermo. Inter remain in fifth with 35 points. Rivals AC Milan moved four points clear at the top of the league as they beat Cesena 2-0 at the San Siro. An own goal by Cesena defender Pellegrino at the end of the first half gave Milan the lead. The Rossoneri had several chances to wrap up the match in the second half with Robinho going close twice, but it was left to the ever dependable Ibrahimovic to make sure of the points as he slotted home from a tight angle in injury time. Cesena ninth away defeat of the season means they remain in 18th place with 19 points. Napoli moved up to second behind leaders Milan after a 2-0 win at Bari. Argentina's Ezequiel Lavezzi put Napoli ahead after 38 minutes with a well-taken free-kick. Uruguayan striker Edinson Cavani made sure of three points shortly before the end scoring his 14th goal of the season. Lazio failed to make up any ground on Milan after slumping to a shock 3-1 defeat at Bologna. Lazio took the lead in the fifth minute thanks to Sergio Floccari, but Gaston Ramirez leveled the scores half an hour later. Three minutes later the home side were ahead as striker Marco Di Vaio carved through the Lazio defense before finishing neatly. Di Vaio scored his 13th goal of the season and his team's third in injury time at the end of the match. Juventus stay in sixth place, now on the same points as Inter, after a 0-0 draw at Sampdoria. There were no goals between Chievo and Genoa either as both teams looked to escape the bottom half of the table. There was also stalemate in the match between Fiorentina and Lecce which finished 1-1. David Di Michele opened the scoring for Lecce after 29 minutes only for Alberto Gilardino to cancel it our with a header in the 56th minute.
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai returned to Zimbabwe Saturday for the first time since leaving the country shortly after the controversial March 29 election. Morgan Tsvangirai has been away from Zimbabwe trying to seek support from international leaders. Tsvangirai -- who contends he won the presidential race against longtime Zimbabwe leader Robert Mugabe -- returned despite what his party said was a plot by the country's military to assassinate him and other party leaders. The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission, after a long delay, ruled that neither candidate won a necessary majority of the vote and set a date of June 27 for Tsvangirai to again face Mugabe in a runoff vote. Tsvangirai and his Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) have called for international observers to be allowed to monitor the runoff election, but Mugabe's government has refused the demand. Tsvangirai is expected to tour hospitals in Harare to visit victims of post-election violence. An MDC spokesman said two party members were found dead Wednesday night after being abducted from their homes in the Zimbabwean capital of Harare. Tsvangirai's spokesman George Sibotshiwe said Saturday that the opposition leader and the entire MDC leadership are ""at risk from this brutal regime."" When contacted by CNN, a Cabinet member denied that the government had any possible role in the alleged plot, and said the report was an effort by the MDC to gain international sympathy. Chen Chimutengwende, Zimbabwe's minister of public and interactive affairs, accused Tsvangirai of ""trying to paint a false picture of what Zimbabwe and Zimbabwe authorities are like."" ""There is no plot against him and there has never been any plot against him and he knows that,"" Chimutengwende said. He called the reports from Tsvangirai's party ""an effort to get sympathy from the international community."" There have been numerous reports from the MDC and church groups since the March balloting about kidnappings, torture, and other violence, including the deaths of opposition party members. They say the violence targets opponents of Mugabe and his Zanu-PF party. Mugabe has ruled the southern African country since it became independent 28 years ago."
"(CNN) -- Gas prices dropped nearly 33 cents in the past two weeks, dipping below $2 for the first time since March 2005, a national survey said Sunday. This station in Rio Vista, California, had gas prices below $2 on November 19. The average price of self-serve, unleaded gasoline on Friday in the United States was $1.97, said Trilby Lundberg, publisher of the Lundberg Survey. The last time the price was below $2 was on March 4, 2005, she said. The all-time high average was $4.11, set on July 11, according to Lundberg, and prices have been dropping ever since. ""The rate of decline has slowed somewhat, but it is still dramatic at 33 cents in two weeks,"" she said. Diesel prices averaged $2.93 on Friday, slumping under $3 for the first time since September 2007, she said. Lundberg attributed the price reductions to a drop in crude oil prices and demand, and also because of low refining margins.  Watch thrilled customers enjoy cheaper gas  . ""Crude oil remains [the] main driver,"" for the decline, she said, noting that crude oil futures settled on Friday below $50. Demand is always low in November, she said, but the weakening economy is reducing it further. However, Lundberg said that if crude oil prices do not fall further, ""then the end of this [gasoline] price crash is either here or near."" The Lundberg Survey is based on responses from more than 5,000 service stations nationwide. On Friday, drivers in St. Louis, Missouri, paid the least at the pump -- $1.61 -- while drivers in Honolulu, Hawaii, and Anchorage, Alaska, paid the most, at $2.81. Here are average prices in other cities: .  Detroit, Michigan -- $1.76 .  Houston, Texas -- $1.78 .  Atlanta, Georgia -- $1.88 .  Boston, Massachusetts -- $2.01 .  Chicago, Illinois -- $2.10 .  Washington -- $2.19 .  Los Angeles, California -- $2.22 ."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Thirty-eight years ago, Joseph McGinty Nichol was a boy in Kalamazoo, Michigan, playing with toy robots. Many of the robots in ""Terminator Salvation"" are real machines, which increased realism, the cast says. Today ""McG,"" as he is better known, builds and blows up real robots. The prominent filmmaker is the driving force behind one of the season's summer blockbusters, ""Terminator Salvation,"" which is filled with very expensive and very explosive robots. The choice to use real robots when possible, instead of CGI (computer generated images), was deliberate, McG said. According to the director and the film's stars, the decision to use real machines was a testament to the growing sophistication of the moviegoing public, whom they believe can ""feel"" the difference between actors standing in front of a green screen versus actors interacting with the real thing. It was also done in honor of the legendary special effects supervisor, four-time Oscar winner Stan Winston (""Jurassic Park,"" the other ""Terminator"" films), who passed away during filming last year.  Watch the robots in action  . The director and three of his cast members -- Christian Bale, Bryce Dallas Howard and Anton Yelchin -- took a time out with CNN to explain why gravity and singed eyebrows both played a role in ""Terminator Salvation."" Bryce Dallas Howard: That was something that was really important to McG ...  when an audience member sees this film, that they can actually feel what's occurring. I think that audiences are very savvy now. We can feel when something is CGI and that's no disrespect to CGI -- we couldn't do this movie without it -- but, whenever possible, in the tradition of Sam Winston, he wanted to build the robots. So a lot of what you see is real. McG: And if you drop something, we've spent our whole lives watching physics in play, and if you say, just have the CGI do that, people can tell something's off, and it releases you from being involved in the picture. So, we built all the robots, we built all the sets, we blew them up for real, a great many of us lost our eyebrows! Christian Bale: It was kind of comical at times because something that's meant to be so intimidating was actually surrounded by five guys with these kind of puppet rods I had to blank out or I would start laughing. But, the end result is something really formidable and you know, really iconic in movie history. Anton Yelchin: Now I'm obsessed with the robots! I'm so [annoyed] that this guy or whoever it is that's in charge of it wouldn't let me have one!"
"New York (CNN) -- Facing a sharp increase in bedbug cases, New York became the latest state Monday to require landlords to disclose an apartment building's bedbug infestation history within the previous year to potential tenants, according to a release from New York State Assemblywoman Linda B. Rosenthal, who sponsored the bill. ""Nothing is more horrifying than signing a lease after a lengthy apartment search only to discover that your new apartment is bedbug-infested,"" Rosenthal said in the statement. ""By requiring landlords to disclose infestations before the lease is signed, people will have a means of guarding themselves against exposure to this plague."" New York is the second state after Maine to adopt such a measure, commonly referred to as a ""right-to-know"" law, according to Missy Henriksen of the National Pest Management Association, which researches and tracks bedbug trends around the country. New Jersey has similar legislation pending, according to Henriksen. ""We actually expect an avalanche of right-to-know legislation introduced,"" she said. According to the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development, it issued 4,811 violation notices to residential landlords for bedbug infestations in 2009, compared with 82 in the 2003-2004 fiscal year. For the first half of 2010, 1,976 bedbug violation notices have been written. However, such statistics represent only a fraction of bedbug cases in the city, as they come almost exclusively from buildings in the rental market. Owners of bedbug-infested residences are less likely to call 311, the city's nonemergency hot line, which then notifies the Housing Preservation Department. Further, landlords of commercial structures are currently not obligated to report bedbug infestation. In recent months, bedbugs have struck high-end retailers, movie theatres and office buildings. Last year, the federal Environmental Protection Agency sponsored a bedbug conference in Arlington, Virginia. Speaking to 230 academics, agency employees and exterminators, Dale Kemery, an agency spokesman, said the incidence of infestation in the United States has tripled since 2005. Despite their name, bedbugs need not live in beds. They generally live within 10 to 20 feet of their hosts and avoid light, preferring the dark security of spaces behind headboards, under baseboards and behind hanging pictures."
"(CNN) -- Forget lawn mowers. Maryland officials have found a natural way to combat brush while protecting a threatened species. Maryland officials wanted an eco-friendly solution that wouldn't hurt the area's bog turtles. Forty bearded goats have been dispatched by the State Highway Administration to control plant growth in the area. They have been munching in an enclosed area for a week; they will stay until September, but will be put back to work next spring. The project is part of Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley's ""Smart, Green and Growing"" legislative package, aimed at reducing the state's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020. The pilot program will be evaluated at the end of two years, and officials will determine whether to send goats to other grazing projects on state highways, according to David Buck, a spokesman for the highway administration. The goats are reducing the state's carbon footprint and protecting the area's bog turtles, listed as threatened. In addition, he said, the animals are much cheaper than a mowing program: State costs are about $10,000 for two years, most of that for delivery and veterinary services. But the decision to utilize goats was not an easy one. Other herbivorous (plant-eating) animals were considered. Cows were ruled out because they are too heavy, and their hooves could stomp the small, colorful-shelled bog turtles. Sheep? Well, they just aren't goats. ""Goats were just a viable solution,"" Buck said. ""They do not eat moving things. They will not crush [the turtles] out there."" Maryland is not the first to launch such an initiative. Officials in Hempstead, New York, bought natural grass cutters for a 50-acre park and preserve this year, said Mike Deery, town spokesman. The goats -- Sleepy, Sneezy, Bashful, Happy and Doc -- were named after dwarves in the fairy tale ""Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."" In Vail, Colorado, officials have introduced 500 weed-eating goats in public areas after residents asked for an alternative to pesticides and chemicals. The initiative costs the town about $500 a day, the National League of Cities said. In Denver, signs touting ""Goats at Work"" alert passers-by to the animals' presence on vacant lots managed by the park system. The goats cost the city about $200 an acre, according to the National League of Cities. Environmental activists hail the measure, calling it innovative and worth implementing. ""Most times you can replace small engines that are sources of greenhouse gases with more natural systems, that's a good thing,"" said Bill Brower of GlobalGiving, a Washington nonprofit organization that describes itself as an online marketplace of grass-roots green projects."
By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 12:47 EST, 1 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:55 EST, 1 August 2013 . 'Traumatised': Chester the kitten (pictured shortly after being rescued) was dumped into a bucket of oil by a group of teenagers . A gang of teenagers left a kitten 'traumatised' after they tried to drown it in oil. The gang is also suspected of planning on setting the six-week-old kitten on fire before a passer-by intervened and saved the cat's life. The kitten, which has been named Chester, is now being cared for at Wear Valley and Darlington Cats Protection. The man, who did not want to be named, was driving through Chester-le-Street, in County Durham, when he saw the teenagers 'messing about'. He said: 'I was working in Chester-le-Street and was lost. I pulled up to make a phone call and saw the youths messing about. 'I got out and took the kitten off them while they shouted abuse at me. The kitten was traumatised - these people are just imbeciles and cruel. 'I suppose I saved its life. It was lucky I was in a van and higher up so I saw it, because if i had been in a car then I would not have seen it.' The youths are believed to have been about 14-years-old. Marion Maychell, a volunteer co-ordinator at the cat rescue charity, said: 'We are hoping that the kitten is going to be ok. 'I did not think it would make it through the first night. We will look after the kitten until we can home it. 'It is scary that people could do this. They may have been covering it in oil to set it alight. I think the man that rescured the kitten is a hero. 'Thankfully incidents like this are rare, but we are seeing an increase in them.' The kitten is thought to be about six weeks old. Rescued: Chester with Marion Maychell, volunteer co-ordinator at Wear Valley and Darlington Cats Protection . Vet Jeremy Demeyre, of the Wilson Veterinary Group, in Bishop Auckland, said: 'We washed the kitten and clipped its fur. I think he swallowed some oil. 'He may be alright, but problems may arise in the next few days. This is the first case I have had where someone has tried to drown a kitten in oil.' Anyone who can help home the kitten is asked to call 0845 313 4749.
"(CNN) -- A court hearing is scheduled Thursday in the case of a northern California couple accused of abducting Jaycee Dugard and holding her captive for more than 18 years in a ramshackle backyard compound. Phillip Garrido, 58, and his wife, Nancy, 54, are charged with 29 felony counts in the kidnapping of Dugard, who was 11 when she was snatched in 1991 from the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe, California. The couple has pleaded not guilty. The hearing, scheduled for 1 p.m. (4 p.m. ET) at the El Dorado County Superior Court, is a procedural matter about witnesses in the case. Authorities say the Garridos held Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years. She was 29 when she was found in August at the Garridos' home in Antioch about 120 miles from her house. Garrido, a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest, is accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity. Dugard now lives in seclusion with her mother, Terry Probyn, and Dugard's two daughters. Earlier this month, Judge Douglas Phimister denied a request by the Garridos to be able to see each other while they remain jailed. Instead, the judge ruled, the couple can have one five-minute phone conversation this month and in June. He also said that officials can monitor the calls. The judge did not offer a reason for denying the request. The prosecution had opposed the motion on security grounds. Authorities maintain Dugard does not want to speak to Garrido or his attorneys and have tried to keep her location a secret. In March, Dugard made her first public statement since the arrests of her alleged captors. ""Hi, I'm Jaycee. I want to thank you for your support, and I'm doing well,"" Dugard said in a home video released exclusively to ABC News. ""It's been a long haul,"" said Dugard, ""but I'm getting there."" The video showed Dugard baking cookies with her mother and playing with her dogs. ""We released this video so that you can see that we are happy and well -- when we have more to share, we will,"" Probyn said in the home video. ""As a mother I am pleading for our privacy in this very public story."""
"(Entertainment Weekly) -- Neither the magic of Harry Potter nor the combined star power of Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler was enough to keep a crew of wise-cracking guinea pigs from scurrying to the top of the box office this weekend. Disney's family comedy ""G-Force"" made an estimated $32.2 million in its debut. Disney's family comedy ""G-Force,"" produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and featuring the voices of Nicolas Cage, Will Arnett, and Penelope Cruz as a team of world-saving rodents, made an estimated $32.2 million in its debut. Despite opening hot on the heels of the one-week old ""Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince,"" the animation/live action hybrid pic was a hit with young audiences, pulling 55 percent of its viewers from the under-18 crowd. But Potter's box office magic hasn't worn off just yet: The series' sixth installment landed in the number two spot its second weekend with $30 million, bringing its total to $221.8 million. After just 12 days in theaters, 'Half-Blood' is already the fifth biggest hit of the year domestically, not to mention overseas, where the powerhouse has raked in an additional $236 million. There was plenty for adults to enjoy at the box office, too. ""The Ugly Truth,"" a raunchy R-rated rom-com that pits Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler in a battle of the sexes, scored an impressive $27 million bow, a career best for both Heigl and director Robert Luketic (""Legally Blonde""). The weekend's other wide release, Warner Bros' creepy ""Orphan"" -- starring Peter Sarsgaard and Vera Farmiga -- pulled in $12.8 million from an audience that was 55 percent female. Lower down on the chart, Fox Searchlight's ""(500) Days of Summer"" (at number 11 with $3 million) is still building momentum. The quirky rom-com posted a hefty $19,176 per-site average and a 95 percent increase over its debut last weekend. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved."
"New York (CNN) -- A federal judge has ordered that an official monitor be put in place to prevent discrimination in the hiring of New York City firefighters. U.S. District Judge Nicholas Garaufis said the city needs ""to comprehensively reassess its policies and practices, to analyze the evidence showing the effect of those policies and practices, and to rationally consider how they can be changed to achieve a firefighter hiring process that is -- in actual practice and effect -- fair and open to all."" The order requires the city to take remedial steps to fix discriminatory hiring practices and puts the court monitor in place for at least the next 10 years to make sure those steps are taken. Garaufis cited ""the clear evidence of disparate impact that Mayor (Michael) Bloomberg and his senior leadership chose to ignore was obvious to anyone else who looked."" ""Instead of facing hard facts and asking hard questions about the City's abysmal track record of hiring black and Hispanic firefighters, the Bloomberg Administration dug in and fought back,"" the judge said in his ruling. Mark LaVorgna, a spokesman for the mayor, said the city intends to appeal the decision. Litigation against the city's firefighter hiring practices began in 2007, when the U.S. Department of Justice filed a complaint alleging the Fire Department of New York's hiring exams negatively affected black and Hispanic applicants. ""Four years of litigation and two adverse liability rulings later, the City still doesn't get it,"" Garaufis said. ""The City's senior leaders have routinely denied that they are responsible or doing anything to remedy nearly forty years of discrimination."" Bloomberg strongly disagreed with the decision. ""I think it's fair to say no previous administration has done more or been as successful in attracting the diversity to the FDNY than we have,"" the mayor told reporters Wednesday, ""and I couldn't feel more strongly about it."" Bloomberg said 61,000 people, more than half of them minorities, applied to the fire department in the last recruiting campaign, ""shattering any previous record for minority applicants."" Garaufis acknowledged that the city has improved its minority recruiting, but he said the subsequent hiring processes and ""discriminatory testing procedures"" have kept many of these minorities from actually being hired. Paul Washington, a representative of the Vulcan Society, one of the plaintiffs in the case, praised the decision. ""We're very pleased to see this order and it's certainly long overdue,"" Washington said. ""We're glad to see the judge properly addressing this issue."" Details of the court-appointed monitoring, as well as logistics for a future fairness hearing in which third parties will be able to express their opinions, is scheduled for October 20, said Darius Charney, an attorney for the plaintiffs."
"(CNN) -- UEFA have rejected Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp's call for artificial pitches to be banned after his side lost 3-2 to Young Boys in the Champions League playoffs. Redknapp was scathing about the plastic surface in Switzerland and said he was forced to rest several of his players due to their concerns about picking up injuries on the hard ground. Tottenham struggled to adjust to the pace of the pitch and the English Premier League side conceded three goals in a nightmare first 28 minutes of the match. Goals from Cameroon defender Sebastian Bassong and Russian striker Roman Pavlyuchenko brought Spurs back into the game but Jermain Defoe was forced off with a groin injury. Redknapp later called for the astroturf pitch to be banned for the Champions League -- a suggestion that UEFA swiftly rebuffed. A spokesman told CNN: ""All stadiums are inspected several times before a match to make sure the pitch, among others, complies with the enclosed regulations, would it be a natural or artificial turf. ""UEFA's regulations state that only the final of the Champions League must be played on grass."" Tottenham's narrow defeat means they should still be favorites for the return leg at White Hart Lane next week, but after the match Redknapp called for a change to the rules. ""I couldn't say it's a preferred surface,"" Redknapp told reporters. ""It's a good pitch but you have to get used to playing on it. It's not an excuse. ""I played on astroturf and hated every minute of it. We had it at QPR but we don't have it any more in England and personally I don't agree with it and I don't think astroturf should be used in a competition like this. ""I had a nasty feeling. I kept looking at the players training on the pitch and they didn't look happy. I had four players out because they weren't comfortable on the pitch in training. ""Aaron Lennon wasn't comfortable, Robbie Keane had a problem with his knee and Tom Huddlestone, the last time he played on astroturf he was out for six weeks."" Article 13.08 of UEFA's Champions League regulations states: ""With the exception of the final which must be played on natural turf, matches in the competition may be played on artificial turf in accordance with the UEFA Stadium Infrastructure Regulations and provided that such artificial turf meets the FIFA Recommended 2-Star Standard."""
"Colombo, Sri Lanka (CNN) -- Sri Lanka's response to a scathing United Nations report alleging war crimes and human rights violations has reached the president's desk. President Mahinda Rajapaksa received the 400-page document on Sunday night. The response, compiled by the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission, will be presented to Parliament, though Rajapaksa did not say when. At their president's urging, Sri Lankans took to the streets in May to rail against the U.N. report, which cites ""credible allegations"" that crimes were committed by both sides during the final stages of the country's civil war. A three-member U.N. panel recommended that Sri Lanka immediately conduct an investigation into the alleged violations of international law. Human rights groups have already alleged both government troops and Tamil Tiger rebels violated humanitarian laws and that thousands of civilians were killed during the war, which ended in May 2009 after the government declared victory. The rebels had fought a 26-year bloody separatist war that left thousands dead and large numbers of others internally displaced, according to the United Nations. The U.N. report concluded there were ""credible allegations, which, if proven, indicate that a wide range of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international humanitarian rights law was committed both by the government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE (rebels), some of which would amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity."" In the war's final stage, which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009, the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of northern Sri Lanka known as the Vanni, where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting. The report said the government used ""large-scale and widespread shelling"" that left many civilians dead. Some of the shelling happened in no-fire zones where the government had encouraged civilians to congregate, the report said. Government forces also shelled a U.N. hub and food distribution lines and fired near International Committee of the Red Cross ships that were picking up the wounded, the report said. The government also shelled hospitals on the front lines, some of them repeatedly, the report said. ""Most civilian casualties in the final phases of the war were caused by government shelling,"" the report said. A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Ban hopes the U.N. report ""will make a contribution to full accountability and justice so that the Sri Lankan government and people will be able to proceed towards national reconciliation and peace."""
"To: Interested parties From: John King, CNN chief national correspondent Re: Monday Memo . Should the U.S. expand its forces in Afghanistan? That will be the debate this week. (CNN) -- What you'll see in Washington in this week is a White House focus on health care and jobs. What you won't see -- or see much of, at any rate -- is just as critical a challenge for the administration. On Wednesday and then again on Friday, President Obama will meet with his national security team to continue deliberations about Afghanistan strategy, including whether to commit as many as 40,000 more U.S. troops to what not too long ago was ""the forgotten war"" but is now front and center. ""Ideally, it's better for military advice to come up through the chain of command,"" National Security Adviser James Jones told us Sunday when asked whether the very public request for more troops from the commanding general in Afghanistan had complicated the White House deliberations. Significantly, Jones, a retired Marine Corps general, offered what sounded like a more optimistic asssement of the security challenges in Afghanistan than the commander asking for more troops, Gen. Stanley McChrystal. ""I don't foresee the return of the Taliban,"" Jones said. As for al Qaeda and its strength within Afghanistan, Jones added: ""Very diminished. The maximum estimate is less than 100 reported operating in the country. No bases. No buildings to launch attacks on either us or our allies."" His comments left little doubt Jones is not only less than thrilled about McChrystal's public appeals, he also is among those skeptical of sending more troops. Suffice to say those private strategy meetings warrant considerable attention. Easier to see will be presidential and vice presidential events pushing health care reform and promoting the administration's stimulus plan as, contrary to what Republicans say, a cushion keeping a sluggish economy from taking an even bigger toll on American workers and families. Obama will make a new health care push Monday from the White House, joined by doctors from around the country. Vice President Joe Biden continues his role as stimulus cheerleader, from Connecticut on Monday.  Also of note: .  The first new Supreme Court term of the Obama presidency kicks off, and Sonia Sotomayor gets down to official business as the nation's first Hispanic high court justice.  The Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday discusses potential new sanctions against Iran, proof of congressional skepticism even though Iran over the weekend agreed to let international inspectors visit its recently disclosed uranium enrichment plant.  Wednesday is the eighth anniversary of the beginning of the war in Afghanistan.  Wednesday also brings the Federal Reserve's latest report on consumer credit. Enjoy the week."
"(CNN) -- The dramatic developments in Gaza over the past three days have driven Arab citizens to the streets, where they have displayed anger directed first and foremost at their own governments. A Yemeni protester rips through an Israeli flag in the capital, Sanaa, on Sunday, December 28. In Yemen, thousands of demonstrators gathered in the capital, Sanaa, shouting slogans in support of Gaza and its residents and burning Israeli and U.S. flags. They cried out against the League of Arab States, which delayed discussion on the crisis. One demonstrator told the Al-Jazeera network, ""The Arab League is worthless. ... They're all worthless leaders, and they should all go home."" Al-Jazeera is based in Doha, Qatar. Israel has been conducting airstrikes in Gaza for three days, in what they say is retaliation for repeated rocket attacks into southern Israel by Hamas. Hundreds of people have died, mostly Hamas militants, according to Palestinian security forces. In Sudan, the scene was similar. A woman wearing a Hamas banner around her forehead told Al-Manar TV, ""Where are the Arab leaders? Where are their actions? Enough condemnation and finger-pointing. Show Gaza your support."" Students at the University of Qatar boycotted their classes and demonstrated their support for Gaza.  Watch a report from CNN's Octavia Nasr  . One student spoke about what he saw as his moral responsibility: ""Our ancestors claimed that the news about the Palestinian disaster reached them late in 1948. We have a responsibility to our children and the future generations. We can't tell them we heard about the Gaza disaster of 2008 but didn't do anything."" Jordan's parliament held a special session in solidarity with Gaza. But one parliamentarian defied the speaker's orders and burned the Israeli flag before stepping on it in the middle of applause from some of his colleagues. The images played repeatedly on Arab media. Egypt has been the recipient of much criticism in this crisis. Hamas supporters say Egypt has sold the Palestinians out by being too close and friendly with Israel and the United States. From Egypt, political analysts retaliated, blaming Hamas for ending the Egyptian-brokered cease-fire, thus inviting the Israeli airstrikes. One expert speaking to the Dubai-based Al-Arabiya blamed Hamas for ""presenting Gazans on a silver plate to the Israeli monster."" He then blamed Syria and Iran for not taking military action to stop the bloodshed in Gaza."
"(CNN)  -- World number two Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in a grueling four hour 16 minute encounter to secure Serbia's passage into the quarterfinals of the Davis Cup on Sunday. Serbia led the United States 2-1 overnight in Belgrade with Djokovic favored to beat the giant Isner to clinch the tie, but he was given an almighty scare before winning 7-5 3-6 6-3 6-7 6-4. They will now play Croatia at home on July 9-11 in the quarterfinals of the premier team event in tennis after their first-ever victory in the World Group. Djjokovic, urged on by a partisan home crowd, looked headed for a routine win as he took the opening set, but he was broken twice in the second as Isner leveled. Djokovic returned the compliment in the third set to lead two sets to one, but he could not force home the advantage and he lost a fourth set tiebreak 8-6 as Isner set up a decider. A single break in the first game gave Djokovic a crucial advantage, but his American opponent proceeded to save six match points before finally netting a forehand, the home hero sinking to his knees after an exhausting ordeal. The defeat means Patrick McEnroe's U.S. team face a relegation playoff later this year to maintain their record of playing in the World Group every year. In other ties, defending champions Spain shrugged off the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal to beat Switzerland 4-1 to set-up a quarterfinal clash with France. Russia edged out India 3-2 and will face Argentina who defeated Sweden 3-2 in Stockholm. Returning from injury David Nalbandian was Argentina's match winner in Stockholm as he beat Andreas Vinciguerra 7-5 6-3 4-6 6-4 in the deciding rubber after Swedish number one Robin Soderling had drawn them level with a straight sets win over Leonardo Mayer. 2005 champions Croatia, last year's runners-up Czech Republic and France sealed their quarterfinal places on Saturday against Ecuador, Belgium and Germany respectively. France's home clash with Spain is already whetting the appetite of tennis fans. ""It'll be like a final, it's the kind of thing you dream about,"" France captain Guy Forget told the official Davis Cup Web site www.daviscup.com."
"(CNN) -- Police in Boston, Massachusetts, are searching for a man suspected in the murder of one woman and the armed robbery of two others, all of whom, they say, he may have met through their Craigslist ads for personal services. Julissa Brisman, 26, was described as ""a really sweet, goofy, energetic kid."" Officers discovered New York resident Julissa Brisman, 26, unconscious with multiple gunshot wounds at Boston's Copley Marriott Hotel on Tuesday night. She was transferred to Boston Medical Center, where she died shortly afterward. Police said Brisman, a model, offered massages via Craigslist, a popular online classified ad service. The confrontation between Brisman and her killer seems to have begun as an attempted robbery, police said. ""It appears that there was a struggle between the victim and the suspect in the threshold of the hotel room immediately prior to the shooting,"" the Boston Police Department said in a statement on its Web site. Police speculate the man may also be responsible for the recent robberies of two other young women who offered personal services via Craigslist. Four days before Brisman's slaying, a 29-year-old woman was robbed at gunpoint at a Westin Hotel in Boston. Police spokesman Joe Zanola would not disclose the details of her Craigslist ad but said she and Brisman were ""involved in similar professions."" On Thursday night at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick, Rhode Island, a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement, according to Warwick's police chief, Col. Stephen McCartney. The robbery was interrupted when the woman's husband entered the room. After pointing his gun at the husband, the suspect fled, according to McCartney. He said that no conclusions could be made but allowed that the incident ""may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area."" Matthew Terhune, a photographer who met Brisman when he took pictures of her for a calendar last year, described her as ""just a really sweet, goofy, energetic kid."" He added that she was enrolled in Alcoholics Anonymous and was contemplating counseling fellow recovering addicts. He had been unaware of her side job as an Internet masseuse. Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall, clean-cut young blond man in a black windbreaker leaving the property, said the Boston Police Department, which is asking the public's help in identifying the man. Representatives from Craigslist did not respond to a request for comment."
"MONTE CARLO, Monaco  -- Russia's Yelena Isinbayeva has broken her own world record in the women's pole vault with a leap of 5.04 meters as she warmed up for her Olympic defense. Isinbayeva broke her own women's pole vault world record on her third attempt in Monaco. The record came at the Monaco Grand Prix on Tuesday on her third and final attempt at the height. Her previous record of 5.03 meters was set in Rome on July 11. Isinbayeva is the reigning Olympic and world champion. Asafa Powell claimed his third 100 meters success inside a week when he raced clear in his season-best time of 9.82 seconds. Powell shaved 0.06sec off his previous season-best of 9.88, set last Tuesday in Stockholm, where he saw off fellow Jamaican and world record holder Usain Bolt. On Tuesday Powell was too hot for Davis Patton of the U.S. (9.98) and Nesta Carter of Jamaica (10.02), the fourth best time of the season all the more impressive given the calm conditions. ""I am very happy,"" said Powell. ""I feel great, very fresh. I've got a world record in my legs. I am very confident. My goal is to be consistent."" A tough headwind had compromised Powell's attempts to have a tilt at Bolt's mark although he still cruised to a weekend victory at the London Grand Prix at Crystal Palace in 9.94sec. Other Tuesday highlights saw Jamaica's Melaine Walker set a year mark in the women's 400m hurdles in clocking 53.48 sec. Walker, who shattered her own personal best of 54.14 in the process, will hope her performance augurs well for the Beijing Games, where Aussie two-time world champion Jana Rawlinson will not be competing owing to a toe injury. Kenyan Daniel Kipchirchir Komen also set a year best mark in the 1500m, crossing the line in 3 min 31.49sec to take 0.08sec off compatriot Augustine Kiprono Choge's June 1 showing in Berlin. The 23-year-old's win tempered the disappointment of missing out on an Olympic berth. Britain's Martyn Rooney also improved his personal best in the 400 meters for the second successive race, following up his win in the London Grand Prix with victory in 44.72 seconds. The Monaco Grand Prix was the last major international track and field meeting before the Beijing Olympics which start on August 8."
"(CNN) -- Interpol announced Monday it is issuing notices to help search for another 16 suspects believed linked to the January killing of a Hamas leader in Dubai. The organization will now help investigators in Dubai try to track down all 27 people suspected of links to the death of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in a Dubai hotel. Information gathered by investigators in Dubai ""bore out the international links and broad scope of the number of people involved, as well as the role of two 'teams' of individuals identified by the Dubai police as being linked,"" Interpol said. The organization issued 16 additional ""red notices,"" which are not international arrest warrants but are a way of alerting police forces around the world that the suspects are wanted by authorities in the United Arab Emirates. Interpol had previously issued 11 of the notices covering ""a smaller core group alleged to have carried out the killing,"" the organization said in a news release. Interpol Secretary-General Ronald K. Noble said investigators have established ""clear"" links through passport records, video surveillance, DNA analysis, witness interviews and hotel, credit card, phone and transport records, according to the news release. Two sources told CNN a week ago that the number of identified suspects was up to 27. Of them, 26 were carrying European or Australian passports, authorities have said. The sources -- an official familiar with the investigation and a police source -- did not say which nation issued the passport used by the 27th suspect. Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, a founding member of Hamas' military wing, was found dead January 20 in his Dubai hotel room. Police believe he was slain the night before, allegedly by the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad. Dubai's police chief told CNN last month that he is ""100 percent sure"" Mossad was responsible. ""The Mossad needs to be ashamed of its actions,"" said Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim. ""They sent 26, 27 persons to assassinate one man who was involved in the capturing and killing of two Israeli soldiers."" Hamas has said al-Mabhouh was behind the 1989 deaths of the Israeli soldiers. Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement. Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, however, told Israel Army Radio earlier this month, ""There is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there."" The total of 27 suspects does not include two Palestinians arrested in Jordan and returned to Dubai. Tamim said one is not believed to be directly involved in al-Mabhouh's death, but ""he is wanted by one of the Palestinian factions in the Palestinian territories and he is sentenced to death and that's why we will extradite him."" He declined to discuss anything about the other Palestinian."
"(CNN) -- Holders Brazil were knocked out of the Copa America Sunday, after a woeful penalty shoot-out display against Paraguay in Argentina. The star-studded Brazilians missed all four of their spot-kicks as Paraguay went on to win 2-0 and earn a place in the last four of the competition. A disappointing match ended goal-less, as both sides finished with 10 men on the pitch after Brazilian midfielder Lucas Leiva and Uruguay's Antolin Alcaraz were dismissed following an altercation in extra time. Brazil dominated much of the possession but lacked a cutting edge, despite fielding an attack-minded line-up led by Robinho, Alexandre Pato, and Neymar. Neymar was particularly profligate in front of goal, twice missing golden opportunities in the first half. The first chance came on seven minutes when his volley from close range dipped over the bar; while the second saw him blaze wide on the half-hour mark, after Ganso's pass found him unmarked on the right-hand side of goal. Paraguay goalkeeper Justo Villar was also in inspired form, showing particularly good reflexes late on to deny Milan's Pato as he raced through one-on-one. After the match Paraguay coach Gerardo Martino admitted his side, which last won the competition in 1979, were fortunate to beat the much-fancied Brazilians. ""Brazil should probably have won it over the 90 minutes,"" he told reporters, in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse. His goalkeeper Villar agreed. ""It really took it out of us playing Brazil -- they dominated almost the whole match. But the team kept its shape and kept its concentration and those factors took us through."" Meanwhile Brazil's coach Mano Menezes was keen to look ahead to his team's future challenges. ""When you lose you know you made some mistakes,"" he told AFP. ""But this happens in football and we have to live with it. The object has always been to get a strong team together for the World Cup in 2014."" The shocks continued in the second quarterfinal played Sunday as Venezuela beat Chile 2-1. Oswaldo Vizcarrondo put Venezuela ahead on 34 minutes, but Humberto Suazo equalized for Chile midway through the second half. Chile pushed for victory, but as extra time loomed it was Gabriel Cichero who gave Venezuela a semifinal clash with Paraguay."
"London, England (CNN) -- In the latest edition of Fanzone's look at famous soccer fans, South Africa captain and Portsmouth midfielder Aaron Mokoena tells all about his favorite team and their bitter rivalry with the Kaizer Chiefs. Who do you support and why? In South Africa my favorite football team is Orlando Pirates. I played for professional team Jomo Cosmos but I always love Orlando Pirates because that's was the team that I grew up supporting. How did you start supporting them? My elder brother, he made me support Pirates and used to take me to watch the games. That really made me fall in love with the team. They had so many good players as well. That's why I fell in love with the club. Do you remember your first game? It was Orlando Pirates against Kaizer Chiefs, the biggest derby game in South Africa, I went to watch and it was unbelievable; really, really amazing. That was the derby of Soweto, I think it was probably 1990. That is a game that everyone wants to watch. It's like Manchester United versus Manchester City or Liverpool. It's a game that you can't miss. How are they doing at the moment? They're still doing well. Lots of youngsters... it's been generations after generations. The generation they have now are more younger players. They're adapting well and doing very well. What is the most memorable game from Orlando Pirates you've seen? They won the African Champions League in 1995. It was the first team in South Africa to win such a tournament. That tournament is the toughest tournament to play ... and they did extremely well, they won the cup. That really stands out for me. Is Kaizer Chiefs the team you love to hate? Not that I do hate Kaizer Chiefs but as they are the arch rivals to Orlando Pirates, I tend to have a soft spot for Pirates but not for Kaizer Chiefs. I would go back to South Africa and play for Kaizer Chiefs to be fair but I don't hate them, they are really professional. But between Pirates and Chiefs, I would always choose Orlando Pirates. Would you play for Orlando Pirates? Has that opportunity come up? I have been so fortunate to sit down with the owner of Orlando Pirates and he said, ""Look the moment you retire from your football in Europe make sure you come down to Orlando Pirates"" -- so it's an opportunity that is there for me. I am an ambassador for ""Education -- One goal for all"" and I spoke to him at the launch two months ago at the Emirates stadium and that's when we had a chat. He's a really respectable person in South Africa and him saying that meant a lot to me."
"(CNN) -- Who would open one of the world's biggest casinos in the depths of a global recession? Big city dreams: Lawrence Ho's business portfolio in Hong Kong and Macau is growing. Answer: Lawrence Ho, the scion of a casino business mogul who has clearly inherited his father's love of a calculated risk. Ho's father Stanley is a man synonymous with the creation of Macau as the world's biggest gambling destination. ""Over the past 40 years he has put his thumbprints all over Macau. I think if you look at the major infrastructure projects, whether it's the airport, the ferry terminals, he was involved in building up a lot of those,"" Lawrence Ho told CNN. But in opening City of Dreams in Macau earlier this year, Ho is trying to carve his own niche and continue to build up his own business empire. ""I think gone are the days when you can open a property and 'Bang!' you would steal significant market share from others,"" he told CNN. ""Before we opened we were, like the rest of the world, a little bit wary of the timing, but I think in hindsight the world economies are doing a lot better and Macau has seen its first year-on-year increase in July and August was a booming month. So I think all in all we couldn't be happier."" Ho's company, Melco-Crown Entertainment, is independent from his father's huge portfolio of businesses and the multibillion dollar City of Dreams project is a partnership with Australian James Packer, himself the son of a media tycoon. Ho is respectful of his ailing father's achievements and the advantages that the family name has given him, but also the desire it fostered to forge his own success. ""The bigger the shadow the more we can feel the underdog syndrome. ... being his son opened many doors, but at the same time I grew up in a very big family with our own issues, but all in all certainly being his son has helped a great deal,"" he said. There are no worries about interference from the mainland -- ""I suspect that China definitely wants [Macau and Hong Kong] to do well"" -- and Ho remains positive that Asia will see the quickest recovery from the downturn. ""A lot of the Asian countries and economies have handled the [economic] crisis this time a lot better than the Asian financial crisis 10 years ago,"" he said. ""So I think, all in all, Asia has managed to come out of this much quicker than the rest of the world. And really when people are feeling better they travel and they spend more, and you know we are in the business of providing leisure and entertainment."""
"(CNN) -- Torrential rain and massive floods that have been pounding Colombia this year have not let up, and dozens of people are dead amid widespread destruction, the Colombian Red Cross said Wednesday. Eighty-six people have died so far this year, it said, mainly in the central region that includes the provinces of Cundinamarca, Caldas and Antioquia. Fifty have been injured and 21 are still missing. In addition, 378,000 people have been evacuated in the South American country because their homes were destroyed by the floods, the Red Cross said. Affected areas include 1,001 municipalities in 28 of the 32 Colombian provinces. The Federal District, in which Bogota, the capital, is located, also has been affected. Sandra Calvo, a spokeswoman with the Colombian Red Cross, called the situation ""very complicated"" and a ""total emergency."" ""This is the longest rainy season we've had in the last 40 years and the one that has caused the most destruction,"" Calvo said. ""We've had everything from mudslides and flooding to rivers overflowing and destroying everything in their path."" After touring one of the most affected areas, the municipality of Puerto Nare in Antioquia province, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said more rain is expected, which will further complicate the situation. ""This tragedy has no precedent in our history. These mountains behind me are literally crumbling and that's going to cause many problems,"" he said. Santos also called on Colombians to ""work together,"" and ""coordinate our efforts"" to reduce the ""immense costs resulting from this tragedy."" Andres Gonzalez Diaz, governor of Cundinamarca province, said this is ""the worst catastrophe"" his government has faced. ""We have hundreds of destroyed houses and important crops that were swept away by the floods, but fortunately we've been able to minimize the loss of human lives,"" he said. Gonzalez also said that at least 20 people have died in Cundinamarca. A dozen people died in accidents resulting from roads and bridges left structurally unstable by floods and heavy rain. Antioquia is the province with the highest number of fatalities. The death toll there stands at 131, according to the Colombian Red Cross. This is the second consecutive year that Colombia has been devastated by torrential rain and massive flooding. Last year 408 people died in the nation and more than 2.8 million people were left homeless or affected in some way by the rain."
"ROME, Italy (CNN) -- Italian authorities Tuesday arrested two suspects believed to be responsible for the September 18 killing of six African immigrants in Castelvolturno, a small town of 20,000 residents north of Naples. The army has been deployed in major cities aross Italy since the early summer. Police also arrested a third man wanted by authorities for belonging to the same clan, but not directly linked to the killings. The victims were gunned down in a hail of bullets as they stood outside a store selling ethnic goods. The attack sparked a riot by immigrants who complained about ""racism"" but officials suspect a dispute over drug trafficking. Those arrested, Alessandro Cirillo, Oreste Spagnuolo and Giovanni Letizia, were on the list of the 100 most dangerous men and wanted criminals in Italy. The arrests were part of a large police operation aimed at cracking down on organized crime in the Campania region and in particular the powerful Casalesi clan belonging to the Neapolitan mafia known as Camorra. The Casalesi clan and the area where the arrests took place prominently featured in the best seller ""Gomorrah,"" a book written by Roberto Saviano who now lives under constant police protection. ""This is a great day for the Italian state,"" said Carmelo Casabona, head of the police in Caserta. ""The operation was an immediate, concrete and strong answer to organized crime in this region."" Two weeks ago, the Italian interior minister announced the deployment of 400 additional police officers in the area. And the Italian military will deploy 500 troops by Saturday as part of a large operation Italian officials say is aimed at ""reclaiming the control of the territory."" ""Our objective is to take the water away from the sharks,"" said Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni. He explained that the additional police officers are already working, while the army's role will be defined at a key meeting Friday in Caserta. In the suspects' home, police found weapons including two AK-47s that investigators say were used to carry out the killings in Castelvolturno, as well as police overalls, one gun and one pump rifle. Authorities also arrested dozens of other people, including the wife of Francesco Schiavone, aka ""Sandokan,"" the head of the Casalesi clan who was arrested a decade ago and is serving a life-time prison sentence. As part of the same operation, Italian financial police confiscated 43 companies and 134 apartments spread throughout central and southern Italy belonging to the Casalesi clan, worth more than 100 million euros ($144 million). CNN Producer Flavia Taggiasco contributed to this report."
By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 23:43 EST, 17 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:13 EST, 18 April 2013 . A plague of rats in gardens and playgrounds could be on the way thanks to new health and safety rules that go beyond European Union guidance, pest control experts claim. The Health and Safety Executive would like the use of so-called second generation rat poisons restricted to within 16ft of buildings. The Government agency is worried that predators in the countryside such as foxes and birds of prey will ingest the two poisons - difenacoum and bromadiolone, reported the Daily Telegraph. Problematic: The Health and Safety Executive would like the use of so-called 'second generation' rat poisons to be restricted to within 16ft of buildings . However pest control experts gamekeepers are adamant that the poisons are not eaten by other animals if used correctly - and only a fractional amount is ingested even when errors are made. Some 128,000 rat treatments carried out annually would be made illegal by the ban, according to a survey by the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health, reported the Telegraph. The Country Land and Business Association and the Countryside Alliance claim the ban will make it tougher to control rats in parks and urban wasteland, and say the HSE is going further than it should. The European Commission is only said to be currently considering greater controls on chemicals. Complaints: The Country Land and Business Association and the Countryside Alliance claim the ban will make it tougher to control rats in parks and urban wasteland, and say the HSE is going further than it should . The products are used in wider countryside areas by around 75 per cent of gamekeepers, according to the National Gamekeepers Organisation. 'We have a pretty bad situation with rats in open countryside as it is and it could easily get worse' Mike SwanGame and Wildlife Conservation Trust . Rats are mostly resistant to the first generation of poison - warfarin - reported the Telegraph. Mike Swan, of the Game and Wildlife Conservation Trust, told the newspaper: We have a pretty bad situation with rats in open countryside as it is and it could easily get worse. But a Health and Safety Executive spokesman insisted that the poisons should be restricted to in and around buildings.
"(People.com) -- While she does not know who donated the kidney that potentially saved her life, Natalie Cole is on the mend and ""really doing well,"" the Grammy-winning singer said at Thursday's Harold Pump Foundation Gala in Beverly Hills to honor Earvin ""Magic"" Johnson and Bill Russell. Natalie Cole had a kidney transplant in May. ""I'm just really, really thankful,"" she says. ""It's remarkable what a new kidney does to your life. I have no complaints. ... I'm pretty amazed. I have been working on my stamina."" Cole, whose transplant surgery took place in May, says, ""I just went to the doctor today. He is thrilled. I'm just really, really thankful. I'm thankful to the doctors, I'm thankful to the family that donated the kidney."" In terms of the support she received, the Los Angeles, California-based Cole, 59, says, ""My sisters who live in Florida, they came out, my son, oodles of friends. I got sick in New York, I wasn't at home. I didn't know how many good friends I had until this happened. It was beautiful. I had people come and see me every day in the hospital for 10 days."" Having already announced a Hollywood Bowl comeback performance set for September 9, Cole says, ""I only wish for anyone to have to go through this, that they have a circle of friends like I did. I was very blessed."" When it came to the medical procedure, she says, ""It is hard to find a match. A lot of people want to donate a kidney, but they're not in a position to because they have health issues of their own, and a lot of people need them. That's why the list is long and it takes a long time. ""My friend was on dialysis for six years before he got a new kidney. I was on dialysis for eight months. I'm almost not even the typical person who has kidney failure."" Thankful as she is for the gift, Cole is prevented from knowing who donated the organ. ""I don't know who they are. I have not met them, it's all anonymous,"" Cole says. One thing she did know, however: the family specifically requested that the organ go to Cole. ""That's what was so awesome, their family basically requested that the kidney go to me,"" she says. ""We are not sure how they knew."" Would she like to meet the donor? ""Absolutely, are you kidding? I would probably kiss them all over the place."" Try 4 FREE PREVIEW Issues of PEOPLE, CLICK HERE NOW . Copyright  2009 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited."
"(CNN) -- The city of New Haven, Connecticut, will promote 14 firefighters who were involved in a workplace discrimination case that worked its way to the U.S. Supreme Court. The firefighters were among the New Haven 20 -- one Hispanic and 19 white firefighters -- who fought the city after it threw out the results of a 2003 firefighter promotion exam that left too few minorities qualified for promotions. A U.S. District Court issued a judgment finding the city violated the civil rights of a group of the white firefighters when it threw out the exams in 2004, according to Jessica Mayorga, city spokeswoman. The Tuesday decision follows a court action by seven black New Haven firefighters seeking to delay the promotions. ""Yesterday, the court entered an order that provides the City of New Haven with the legal sanction necessary to move forward and promote the fourteen plaintiffs in the Ricci case entitled to promotions,"" the city said in a statement. ""As a result, we intend to do so as soon as practicable."" The firefighters will be promoted to either lieutenant or captain. Mayorga said the other six involved in the lawsuit were not eligible for promotions that were available at the time the exams were given. She said the court's order only addresses 14 of the 20 plaintiffs. If the exams had been certified in 2004, the other six plaintiffs would not have been promoted. The case was the center of attention during the Supreme Court confirmation hearings of now-Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who was on the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals that backed the city in the case. The U.S. Supreme Court eventually overturned the appeals court ruling 5-4 earlier this year when the justices ruled that the city improperly threw out the results of the promotion exams. Key plaintiff Frank Ricci and others took promotion exams in 2003 for lieutenant and captain positions that had become available in Connecticut's second-largest city. New Haven's personnel department had contracted with a private firm to design the exams. When the results came back, however, city lawyers expressed concern about the results because none of the black firefighters and only one Latino who took the exam scored high enough to be promoted. The city said that under a federal civil rights law known as Title VII, employers must ban actions such as promotion tests that would have a ""disparate impact"" on a protected class, such as a specified race or gender. The group of firefighters, claiming they were wronged by the city's action, then sued, calling themselves the ""New Haven 20."""
"London (CNN) -- An increasingly bitter dispute between the United Kingdom and Iceland over billions of dollars lost when banks collapsed is likely to end up in court, a top British government minister said Sunday. The British government has ""an obligation to get that money back, and we will continue to pursue that until we do,"" said Danny Alexander, the chief secretary of the Treasury. He was speaking Sunday after Iceland's people voted to repeal a law aimed at solving the dispute. Six out of 10 voters in the referendum on Saturday opposed the law, the government said in a statement Sunday, saying turnout was high. Alexander called Saturday's Icelandic vote ""disappointing,"" adding, ""We have a very difficult financial position as a country ... This money would help."" ""There is a legal process going on and we will carry on through these processes,"" he said on the BBC's ""Andrew Marr"" show. The battle results from the collapse of an Icelandic internet bank in October 2008. Britain and the Netherlands came up with more than $5 billion to bail out savers in their own countries who lost money in the failure of Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki. They are now trying to claim the money back from Iceland. Some payments will go ahead later this year, Iceland's government said Sunday, explaining that they were not affected by the vote. ""These partial payments are expected to cover close to a third of priority (depositor) claims. Moreover, latest figures on its assets indicate that the estate (of Landsbanki) will be able to pay over 90% of claims for deposits,"" the government said in a statement. Under a European Union directive, Iceland owes compensation to Britain and the Netherlands. The Icelandic government has said it will honor its international obligations. Netherlands Finance Minister Jan Kees de Jager is ""very disappointed about the decision of the Icelandic electorate not to agree with the agreement reached between Iceland, the U.K. and the Netherlands,"" the Netherlands Finance Ministry said in a statement Sunday. ""The time for negotiations is over,"" de Jager said in the statement. ""Iceland remains obliged to repay. The issue is now for the courts to decide."" The Netherlands Finance Ministry said it is consulting with the United Kingdom about further steps. The International Monetary Fund loaned Iceland $2.1 billion in November 2009, and said repaying the money to the British and Dutch governments was a requirement of the loan. Iceland has begun moves toward applying for European Union membership, which Britain and the Netherlands could block. CNN's Bharati Naik contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Country music artist Taylor Swift has told CNN she never dreamed she would shoot to stardom so quickly. At just 19 years old, she is one of the most successful recording artists of the decade in the United States. Her album ""Fearless"" is certified quadruple platinum, and her 60-date tour of the U.S., UK and Australia sold out in minutes. Talking to CNN's Becky Anderson, she said: ""I think for me the most satisfying thing is going out with my first headlining tour and having every show sell out. That was something that I never dreamed would be so quick to happen. ""Putting Madison Square Garden on sale and having it be sold out in 59 seconds. Like I can't believe that. I'm still completely blown away by that. ""And I think my parents are most proud of the moment when where we were all sitting in the crowd at the CMA Awards and they heard my name announced as entertainer of the year. ""I think my parents cried more for that moment than any other moment."" She has had two number one albums in the Billboard Charts, and in 2009, Swift became the first country music artist ever to win an MTV Video Music Award. Asked what she would have thought had someone told her 10 years ago that she would be famous by the age of 18, she said: ""I thought I was going to do what my parents did. They went to college. They went into business and I loved music and I never imagined that I would actually get to do that as a job. It's wonderful."" Asked why it is that her songs are considered country music, she said: ""I think that what categorizes country music, to me, in my head. I think a country song is when you are singing about being proud of your life. ""I sing about love and boys and that's my life. So that's what fascinates me, feelings, and so I think if you are singing and writing songs about the way that you live your life, that's a country song."" On reports that she is dating teen heartthrob Taylor Lautner, Swift said: ""He's a great guy and we're really close."" But she refused to be drawn on her thoughts about Kanye West, who cut her off as she accepted the award for Best Female Song at the MTV Music Video Awards ceremony. ""I just haven't really changed my mind and that I don't like to talk about it,"" she said."
"Madrid, Spain (CNN) -- An African man who claimed he could double your money simply by applying a magic  potion to currency notes has been arrested at a Madrid bar where the Ecuadorean owner nearly  fell victim to the ploy, Spanish national police said on  Thursday. Police arrived in time to catch the suspected thief,  from Cameroon, with 1,120 euros ($1,556) that had been handed over by the bar  owner. The suspect, 28, alleged he had run out of magic potion and would need to  go home to get some more, a police statement and spokesman  said. ""It was a very unpleasant surprise,"" bar owner Cesar Tepan told CNN. He told police the suspect had come to the  bar a week earlier claiming he could double currency notes by applying a magic  potion, the police statement said. Taking a chance, the owner provided a 20 euro note  (nearly $28), and the suspect mixed it with various white papers, applied a  brown liquid and white power, and mixed it up with cotton. Presto, and there  were soon three 20 euro notes visible, the owner told  police. ""He returned my 20,"" said Tepan, who's lived 16 years in Spain and has owned the bar in central Madrid for 11 years. When the suspect came back last Saturday, the owner  provided 1,120 euros in various currency notes, after the owner and the suspect  agreed on how to split up the proceeds from the doubled money, the police  said. The suspect put the bills in an envelope and  sealed it with tape. Then he applied the alleged magic potion, repeating this  various times, but finally told the bar owner he had run out of the magic potion  and would need to go home and get more. But he promised to leave the sealed envelope at  the bar. That's when an argument ensued and someone, possibly the owner or a  client, called the police, a police spokesman said. ""I realized he was trying to take the money,"" Tepan told CNN. A neighbor called  the police and Tepan's adult son arrived and locked the door to the street, with  the suspect inside the bar. ""He became nervous,"" Tepan said, adding he was determined not to let the suspect  leave until the 1,120 euros had been returned. The police arrived and opened the sealed envelope but found only white papers  inside. Then they searched the suspect, and found the 1,120 euros hidden in his  clothing, the police statement said."
"Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN)  -- The five Americans arrested in Pakistan amid suspicion that they were plotting terrorist attacks were transferred on Saturday from the small town where they were seized to a more secure location in a larger city, police said. The U.S. citizens were taken from the town of Sargodha, where they were arrested at a home on Wednesday, to Lahore. A police interrogation report dated Thursday focused on one of the suspects, identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni, a 20-year-old born in Virginia. The report said he regularly goes online to watch attacks on the U.S. military in Afghanistan and that he left comments praising the actions. That caught the attention of militants, and he was eventually contacted by a person named Saifullah, the report said. After contact had been made, a Yahoo! e-mail account was set up so the men and militants could communicate, the report says. E-mails were never sent from the account, but people would leave messages in the draft sections of the e-mail account and delete them after reading them, the Pakistani police report said. ""This mode of communication enabled them to pass on messages without fear of interception by the FBI,"" the report said. It said the suspects made a plan with Saifullah to go from Pakistan to Afghanistan. They gathered in Karachi and left for Hyderabad on December 1. They tried to hook up with two militant groups -- Jaish-e-Mohammed and the Jamaat-ud-Dawa -- but neither of them showed interest. The FBI said Pakistani authorities detained the men -- four of whom it said were found to have American passports. Along with Minni, there were snapshots and brief profiles of only four others -- Umar Farooq, Aman Hassan Yemer, Waqar Hussain Khan, and Ramy Zamzam -- all from the Washington D.C. area. The five had been formally arrested. A sixth man -- Khalid Farouk, father of Umar -- had been taken into custody by police in Sargodha and was being questioned at a safe location. Authorities have said Khalid Farouk has not been considered a suspect. CNN's Nasir Habib contributed to this report."
"MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- A federal judge on Tuesday approved the extradition of former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega to France, where he faces a 10-year sentence on a conviction in absentia on money-laundering charges. Manuel Noriega, in a 1989 file photo, leaves his headquarters in Panama City, Panama. Magistrate William Turnoff agreed with the government's case for extraditing Noriega to France and issued a ""certificate of extradability."" Noriega's lawyer, Frank Rubino, said he would continue to fight the extradition. He had said Noriega hoped to return to Panama to be closer to his family. The issue has emerged because Noriega is scheduled to complete his Florida prison term on September 9. The former Panamanian strongman was captured in the 1989 U.S. military invasion of Panama and was convicted in 1992 of racketeering for accepting bribes to allow drugs to be shipped through Panama destined for the United States. His attorneys had argued that his status as a prisoner of war meant he should be returned to Panama, but a separate court ruling last Friday rejected that argument. ""This court never intended for the proclamation of defendant as a POW to shield him from all future prosecutions for serious crimes he is alleged to have committed,"" Senior U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler wrote in Friday's 12-page opinion. ""It appears that the extradition proceedings should proceed uninterrupted."" Hoeveler noted that Noriega ""has not always sought repatriation,"" and had, at one time, asked to be allowed to go to a third country. Noriega also faces possible prison time in Panama, where he is accused of kidnapping, extortion and the murder of political opponents. Though the charges are more serious, if the 69-year-old Noriega is convicted of murder, he would likely serve much of his sentence under home detention in Panama. Panamanian law provides home detention for anyone 74 years old or older. The Panamanian constitution would also forbid his extradition to France. Next month, Noriega will have served nearly 17 years of an original 40-year sentence in the United States. The sentence was later reduced to 30 years, and further shortened for good behavior. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Patrick Oppmann in Miami and Jim Bittermann in Paris contributed to this report."
"Washington (CNN)  -- The House voted overwhelmingly Wednesday to repeal the antitrust exemption currently granted to health insurance companies. The vote was 406-19 to repeal the exemption, which has been in place since the end of World War II. The 19 who voted against the repeal are Republicans. Liberal Democrats have said a repeal would help inject competition into the health care industry while reducing consumer costs. White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters Tuesday that President Obama strongly supports the repeal. ""At its core, health reform is all about ensuring that American families and businesses have more choices, benefit from more competition and have greater control over their own health care,"" Gibbs said. Read the bill . ""Repealing this exemption is an important part of that effort. Gibbs said the president is not seeking repeal of the exemption in lieu of broader changes to the insurance market. ""This is a complementary step along the way,"" he said. The debate in the House on Wednesday included a colorful moment between Rep. Anthony Weiner, D-New York, and Republicans. ""You guys have chutzpah,"" Weiner told Republicans during the debate. ""The Republican Party is a wholly owned subsidiary of the insurance industry,"" he said, drawing the objections of Republicans, who asked that his words be stricken from the record. Weiner then asked for unanimous consent to replace his words and said, ""Every single Republican I have ever met in my entire life is a wholly owned subsidiary of the insurance industry."" The Republicans objected again, prompting Weiner to rescind his words. The House version of the health care bill passed last year would have removed the antitrust exemption, while the Senate's version would not. Advocates of an exemption repeal say the exemption has allowed health insurance companies to essentially divide the country into geographic zones. They argue the companies benefit from what amounts to local monopolies. Industry defenders, in turn, point out that insurers are still subject to state regulations. They say the impact of an exemption repeal is overblown. CNN Fact Check: Would exemption repeal lower premiums? Administration officials and their allies in Congress have taken an increasingly tough stance against the unpopular insurance industry. Among other things, Obama's latest proposal for health care reform would give the federal government new authority to block excessive rate increases by health insurers. Specifically, Obama's plan calls for the secretary of health and human services to work with a seven-member board made up of doctors, economists and consumer and insurance representatives to review premium increases. The board, to be known as the Health Insurance Rate Authority, would provide an annual report to recommend to states whether certain rate increases should be approved, although the secretary could overrule state insurance regulators."
"(CNN) -- Los Angeles Galaxy's David Beckham suffered a groin injury on a miserable night for Bruce Arena's team, as they were beaten 3-0 by FC Dallas in Major League Soccer's (MLS) Western Conference final on Sunday. Beckham, who only recently returned from an Achilles injury sustained while on loan at Italian giants AC Milan, continued to play despite the strain he picked up early in the match at the Galaxy's Home Depot Center stadium. A first half goal from Colombian David Ferreira was added to in the second period by strikes from 23-year-old George John and Honduran Marvin Chavez to give Dallas the win, a result which ended Galaxy's hopes of winning a third MLS cup. ""It's just disappointing we've gone out the way we've gone out,"" Beckham told the league's official website. ""[In the] first two minutes, I pulled my abductor. It wore off a little, but obviously had nothing to do with our loss."" Former U.S. national team coach Arena admitted he was aware of the injury and had considered substituting the 35-year-old, but he decided against it and went on to praise the attitude of his star player. ""We saw in the very beginning of the game probably 15 minutes in, he had a problem. He hung in there,"" said Arena. ""If we have all of our players with his kind of character and commitment, we would continue to do well."" Team-captain Landon Donovan revealed the former Real Madrid midfielder has been playing through the pain barrier for sometime. ""He hasn't been at full strength since he's been back. When you come back that quickly at that age from an Achilles injury, there are going to be residual effects. ""My hat's off to him. He played through a lot of pain those last few weeks, more than you guys know, but he's a competitor and he wants to keep going."" Beckham's earlier ankle injury destroyed his dreams of playing for England in the 2010 World Cup, but he has played the full 90 minutes in four of Los Angeles' last five games since his return to the team. Dallas will now compete in the final championship game -- the decider for the MLS title -- against Colorado Rapids, who beat San Jose Earthquakes 1-0 in the Eastern Conference final thanks to a goal from Kosuke Kimura. The last game of the MLS season will take place on November 21 at Toronto's BMO Field."
"(CNN) -- Security forces have begun removing tanks from the volatile Syrian city of Hama, a sign that the tensions there could be easing. Ammar Qurabi, chairman of the National Organization for Human Rights in Syria and Omar Habbal, a prominent opposition activist in Hama told CNN that tanks just inside the city are withdrawing. Hama has been wracked with violence and a general strike this week after a series of peaceful demonstrations, including a huge anti-government demonstration on Friday. President Bashar al-Assad fired the Hama provincial governor on Saturday and security forces moved to the outskirts of the city. A fierce crackdown ensued in the area, with activists and Human Rights Watch reporting many arrests and deaths. Qurabi said 34 people were killed Tuesday and Wednesday alone. He and Habbal said the general strike called by activists several days ago continues with businesses, schools, and offices across the city closed. Residents have created security barriers to protect themselves. ""The city streets are deserted and it is difficult to move thorough the city because of the checkpoints set up on every corner by residents,"" Habbal said. Syria has denied that a military campaign was under way against Hama, even as human rights groups reported deaths, arrests and clashes on the outskirts of the city. ""The Syrian army did not enter and will not enter Hama,"" a Syrian government official told CNN Wednesday. ""The army is present at the city's entrances to facilitate the entry of government employees who live in the Hama countryside and work in government offices in the city; some people in Hama prevented them from entering the city by cutting off roads."" It is unclear whether Hama residents will turn out for nationwide demonstrations on Friday after Muslim prayers. The theme of the protests is ""no dialogue,"" a reference to the government-sponsored dialogue with the opposition members this weekend. Demonstrators are calling for all opposition leaders to boycott the initiative. Activists have said that, since mid-March, violence has been started by security personnel who have used brute force to break up peaceful demonstrations, but the Syrian regime has blamed ""armed groups"" for the bloodshed. The city is a sensitive spot for Syrian authorities. In 1982, it was the scene of a brutal military crackdown targeting Sunni Muslims by the Alawite-dominated government of Hafez al-Assad, President Bashar al-Assad's late father. Many thousands were killed, with Human Rights Watch putting the toll at 10,000."
"(CNN) -- A South Carolina sheriff's office is investigating whether Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps smoked marijuana on the University of South Carolina campus. Michael Phelps is facing a criminal investigation into whether he smoked marijuana on a college campus. Authorities will file criminal charges if the investigation determines that they are warranted, a spokesman said Tuesday. ""If someone breaks the law in Richland County, we have an obligation as law enforcement to investigate and to bring charges,"" Sheriff Leon Lott said in a statement. ""The Richland County Sheriff's Department is making an effort to determine if Mr. Phelps broke the law. If he did, he will be charged in the same manner as anyone else. The sheriff has a responsibility to be fair, to enforce the law and to not turn a blind eye because someone is a celebrity."" Phelps admitted ""regrettable behavior"" on Sunday after a British newspaper published a photograph of him smoking through a bong. The tabloid News of the World showed Phelps using the bong during what it said was a November party at the University of South Carolina, in Richland County. Both university police and Columbia, South Carolina, police have said they would not pursue charges, according to The State newspaper in Columbia. It was unclear where the party took place, the paper said, or whether it was on the USC campus. ""I engaged in behavior which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment,"" said Phelps, who won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China, in a statement Sunday.  See the photo on the cover of Star magazine  . ""I'm 23 years old, and despite the successes I have had in the pool, I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way, not in a manner that people have come to expect from me,"" he said. ""For this, I am sorry. I promise my fans and the public -- it will not happen again."" The U.S. Olympic Committee also issued a statement that said in part, ""Michael has acknowledged that he made a mistake and apologized for his actions. We are confident that, going forward, Michael will consistently set the kind of example we all expect from a great Olympic champion."" In 2004, Phelps was arrested on charges of driving under the influence in Salisbury, Maryland. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months probation. He also issued an apology after that incident. Phelps is one of 12 Olympic athletes who have signed on to ""My Victory,"" an initiative launched last year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency aimed at keeping competitive sports clean."
"(CNN) -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki eased into the second round of the U.S. Open at Flushing Meadows, by beating qualifier Chelsey Gullickson in straight sets. The Dane, who is seeded first in the absence of the injured Serena Williams, recorded a 6-1, 6-1 victory over American wild card Gullickson, though the match ended late in the night. The 20-year-old told the tournament's official website that she was happy with the victory: ""It's a long night. The matches before on the center court were so long. But, a win is a win, so it doesn't really matter what time I get on. As long as I win, I'm happy."" Last year's beaten finalist will now face Kai-Chen Chang of Chinese Taipei in the second round. Home hopes distant at U.S. Open . Elsewhere in the draw, Maria Sharapova fought back from one set down to defeat Australia's Jarmila Groth in three sets. In temperatures approaching 100 degrees, the 2006 champion survived the early set-back to secure a 4-6, 6-3, 6-1 victory. Serbia's Jelena Jankovic recovered from match point down to beat world number 96 Simona Halep in a contest which lasted over two hours. Romania's Halep served for the match with the score at 5-4 in the third and final set, but Jankovic eventually prevailed, winning 6-4, 4-6,7-5. Eighth seed Na Li of China was the highest-placed seed to be eliminated on Tuesday, succumbing to Russia's Kateryna Bondarenko. Bondarenko, who reached the quarter-finals of this competition last year, lost the opening set before taking the match 2-6, 6-4, 6-2. There were no such problems for seventh seed Vera Zvonareva, who took less than an hour to dispose of Slovakia's Zuzana Kucova. Zvonareva, who won the U.S. Open doubles title in 2006, breezed into the next round with a 6-2, 6-1 success. There was reason for the American fans to cheers on day two also, with wild card Beatrice Capra celebrating a comfortable win over Croatia's Karolina Sprem. Competing at her first grand slam, 18-year-old Capra took the match 6-1, 6-3."
By . Jack Doyle . PUBLISHED: . 00:03 EST, 4 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:35 EST, 4 December 2013 . Attorney General Dominic Grieve QC, said anyone posting remarks about a particular case online could be in contempt of court . Facebook and Twitter users have been warned they could be breaking the law by posting online comments about on-going court cases. The Governments chief legal officer, Attorney General Dominic Grieve QC, said anyone posting remarks about a particular case online could be in contempt of court. While court cases are in progress, newspapers and other media organisations are required to comply with reporting rules - so the case is fair. Information about defendants from outside court, as well as comments on innocence and guilt, are banned. Anyone who breaks them can be hauled before a judge, charged and even jailed. In future, warnings on particular cases sent to media will be published on Twitter by the Attorney Generals Office - so the wider public are aware of the dangers of passing comment in public. Mr Grieve said the advisory notices, which have previously been issued only to print and broadcast media outlets on a not for publication basis, are designed to make sure that fair trials take place. Mr Grieve said: Blogs and social media sites like Twitter and Facebook mean that individuals can now reach thousands of people with a single tweet or post. This is an exciting prospect, but it can pose certain challenges to the criminal justice system. In days gone by, it was only the mainstream media that had the opportunity to bring information relating to a court case to such a large group of people that it could put a court case at risk. In future, warnings on particular cases sent to media will be published on Twitter by the Attorney General's Office - so the wider public are aware of the dangers of passing comment in public . That is no longer the case and is why I have decided to publish the advisories that I have previously only issued to the media. This is not about telling people what they can or cannot talk about on social media - quite the opposite in fact, its designed to help facilitate commentary in a lawful way. I hope that by making this information available to the public at large, we can help stop people from inadvertently breaking the law, and make sure that cases are tried on the evidence, not what people have found online. The advisories will be published on the Attorney Generals Office (AGO) section of the gov.uk website and also through the AGOs twitter feed - @AGO-UK.
"(PEOPLE.com) -- After suffering the miscarriage of their 20th child, Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar will hold a memorial service on Wednesday, December 14, for the baby girl they have named Jubilee Shalom Duggar. The reality TV stars of TLC's ""19 Kids and Counting"" had discovered on Thursday at a routine ultrasound appointment that their 20th child, due next April, no longer had a heartbeat. Advised by her doctor to let the miscarriage occur naturally, Michelle, 45, was being cared for at home by her family. Following the miscarriage late Sunday night, Michelle began to feel lightheaded and as a precaution was taken to the hospital, where she was kept for observation, according to a family spokesperson. Michelle is recovering well and expected to return home later on Monday, the spokesperson adds. RELATED: Michelle Duggar Resting at Home, Plans to Name Child . ""We have had many tears today,"" says Jim Bob Duggar, 46. ""This is life, and I understand that we are going though something that many others have. You think about the what-ifs, but God gives us strength to go on. We won't be able to see this child's life and the phases that we've seen for our other children, but we know we will see this child in heaven one day. We are thankful for each child, and we are blessed to have the children we have here and the ones we will meet someday in heaven."" Jubilee Duggar's memorial service will be for friends and Duggar family members, who on late Sunday already held a private service in their home. ""We would like to thank everyone for their prayers, emails and outpouring of love,"" Jim Bob wrote in a letter he shared with PEOPLE. ""As our whole family is grieving, we also know that God promises to work all things for good in our lives. Our prayer is that Jubilee's passing will help us all realize that this life is short, and our relationship with Jesus is the most important thing. He gives us a peace in our hearts as He guides us through whatever we might face."" Though the family is in mourning, Jim Bob says they are grateful for the health of youngest daughter, Josie, who turned 2 on December 10. Josie survived against all odds after being born at just 25 weeks and 1 lb., 6 oz. and has developed normally with no lasting impairments. ""We were looking forward to this birthday because it is a milestone for her,"" he says. ""It is wonderful that she is with us and doing so well."" See full article at PEOPLE.com.  2011 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved."
"(CNN) -- Poultry firm Venky's have become the first ever Indian owners of an English Premier League club after they completed a $36 million takeover of Blackburn Rovers. The deal was confirmed on Rovers' website Friday as the club's board announced it had sold its 99.9% shareholding to Venky's London Limited, a newly formed company owned by the Rao family of India. Venky's paid 17.17 pence (27 cents) a share and will now make an equivalent offer to the minority shareholders. They have a range of business interests in India and overseas but their flagship company is Venkateshwara Hatcheries Private Limited. The takeover ends Rovers' long association with previous owner Jack Walker, who died in 2000. He turned the club into a top flight force, culminating in their Premiership title victory under Kenny Dalglish in the 1994/95 season. Walker established a trust in his own name to take over the running of the club after his death but the sale has now allowed an Indian firm to make their Premier League debut. Paul Egerton-Vernon, Chairman of the Jack Walker Settlement Trustees, told the club's website: ""We are very pleased to be passing on the Rovers to the Rao family. ""We have been impressed with their enthusiasm for the club and their plans and ideas for future investment to develop it further as well as their wish and commitment to preserve the legacy of Jack Walker. ""Over the last 10 years, the global appeal of the Premier League has grown significantly and it is only natural that, as we have seen at other clubs, international ownership and investment should increase."" Anuradha J Desai, the Chairperson of Venky's, said: ""We are delighted, proud and humbled to be associated with Blackburn Rovers, a team with whom we share many values and ambitions. ""Going forward we plan to focus on leveraging the global influence in establishing Blackburn Rovers as a truly global brand. We will absolutely respect the Jack Walker legacy and will be actively supporting the organization to ensure that Blackburn Rovers remains one of the best run clubs within the Premier League. ""Blackburn Rovers is an historic institution that has won the Premier League and we want the fans to embrace us so that we are able to do our best in the interests of the club."""
"Washington (CNN) -- It's a daunting assignment for an Army combat brigade at Fort Bliss, Oklahoma -- get all the military's high-tech software, uplinks, phones, drones and computers to talk to each other. The goal of the Army is to fine-tune a global network to provide everyone, from commanders to frontline soldiers, the same information, quickly and seamlessly. ""The network will literally redefine how we fight in the same way that social media has changed the way we interact and communicate in our personal lives,"" Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen. Peter Chiarelli said Monday. ""The network will change how we operate on the battlefield."" Chiarelli said that over 10 years of war in Iraq and Afghanistan, new equipment had been raced to the battlefield, some of it off the shelf. Now the task is to synchronize new and old equipment in a battlefield setting in the vast and rough terrain of Fort Bliss. That Army installation provides mountainous terrain and desert in an area the size of Connecticut. The testing by 3,500 to 4,000 members of the combat brigade will be the centerpiece of the Army's modernization program, according to Chiarelli. ""It will make our various formations more lethal, faster and more survivable on today's battlefield,"" he said in an hour-long question-and-answer session with journalists at the Pentagon. Already the Army is experimenting with smartphones, finding uses as diverse as monitoring the eye-in-the-sky, real-time video of drones, or transmitting pictures of the wounded to doctors miles away, or calling up biometric details of suspected insurgents stopped at checkpoints. Traditionally formal Army procurement programs could stretch eight years or longer, finally delivering a product to specifications that might already be years behind current technology. Now if the Army is able to integrate existing software into its network, then industry can regularly and quickly update the technology. ""Together we must we ensure have the most current technology available so that ultimately we may get it into the hands of our soldiers as quickly as possible,"" Chiarelli said. Over time the Army will be able to plan and buy equipment more efficiently. ""The Army will buy what it needs, when it needs it, for those that need it,"" Chiarelli said. ""This allows us to buy less, more often and incrementally improve the network capability over time."""
"(CNN) -- Bitter cold weather was sweeping across the nation Thursday, putting the Midwest in a deep freeze. A thermometer registers minus 20 degrees Thursday in Hudson, Wisconsin. It was brutal in Ames, Iowa, on Wednesday. ""Last night, the temperature was still above zero (3 degrees Fahrenheit), but the wind chill (minus 14 degrees) was cold enough to make your skin burn,"" iReporter Kevin Cavallin said. ""When it gets this cold, your hands are just in pain when doing something as simple as carrying bags of groceries from the car to the apartment."" iReport.com: What's the weather like near you? Send photos, video . In Minneapolis, Minnesota, it felt like 40 below because of the wind chill, CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said. It was 48 below in Fargo, North Dakota, where unprotected fingers could suffer frostbite in 60 seconds.  Watch the freeze in Iowa  . The freezing temperatures are likely to remain in the East through the weekend, according to the National Weather Service. There were low teens Thursday along much of the Interstate 95 corridor, which hugs the Atlantic from Maine to Florida. It was 17 in New York, which had a moderate snowfall Thursday that delayed flights a few hours on the ground at LaGuardia Airport. ""If you live east of the Mississippi River, the temperature at mid-morning may be the best you'll get,"" Marciano added. Temperatures dipped to 19 degrees below zero in Michigan and 10 below in Chicago, Illlinois. Snow caused more traffic nightmares in the Midwest. Snow also was falling in Trenton, New Jersey; New Haven, Connecticut; and other Northeast cities. Meanwhile, an icy cold front was pushing into the Southeast, with a cold high-pressure center expected to remain over the area through Saturday, the National Weather Service said. Another cold front is to move in late Sunday. The sun came out in Georgia, but forecasters said the weather would deteriorate by evening. Much of Georgia, including Atlanta, will be under a wind chill advisory from 7 p.m. Thursday to 7 a.m. Friday. Thursday's high in the state could reach 59, but the thermometer could reach as low as 14 at night, the weather service said. Forecasters said overnight temperatures will be accompanied by bitterly cold wind chills, possibly setting a record."
"(CNN)  -- Blackburn is set to become the first English Premier League side to come under Indian ownership, the club confirmed Tuesday. Blackburn chairman John Williams told the club's website that a deal with poultry giants Venkys would likely be completed in November. He said that after ""detailed talks"" with the Premier League and an ""extensive due diligence process"" that the way was clear for the groundbreaking deal. Venkys chairperson Anuradha J. Desai added: ""We expect to be the first Indian company to acquire a Premier League team and we are particularly delighted that the team is Blackburn Rovers, with whom we believe we have many shared values and ambitions."" The terms of the sale are yet to be disclosed, but Venkys joint managing director B Venkatesh Rao told CNBC the deal was worth 46 million ($72.97 million),  with the full amount to be paid upfront. Venky's is part of the 290 million ($459m) valued Venkateshwara Hatcheries (VH) group, which is listed on the Mumbai stock exchange. The acquisition by the Indian conglomerate would take the number of English Premier League clubs with solely foreign ownership to nine, and comes in the wake of Liverpool's highly-publicized sale to New England Sports Ventures, who own the Boston Red Sox baseball team. Aston Villa, Birmingham City, Chelsea, Fulham, Manchester City, Manchester United and Sunderland are also under exclusively foreign control while Arsenal, Blackpool and West Ham have influential foreign shareholders. Blackburn's mooted sale would end a two-year wait for a buyer at Ewood Park, after the Jack Walker Trust put the club up for sale hoping to attract fresh investment. In that time two other Indian buyers, Saurin Shah and Ahsan Ali Syed, have seen prospective bids falter. With Blackburn currently languishing just above the Premier League relegation zone, manager Sam Allardyce needs a cash injection to strengthen his squad. Venkys certainly has the financial capacity to oblige. The group posted a profit of $187 million last year and has an annual turnover of $1.58B. Formed in 1976, the conglomerate has diversified in recent years to include nutritional supplements and healthcare products for humans alongside their mainstream poultry products. Blackburn won the English Premier League title in 1995 as former owner Jack Walker ploughed millions into the club, but have not enjoyed comparable success in the intervening years."
"(Mashable)  -- Facebook released a new version of its Questions feature on Thursday, the result of nearly a year of beta testing. The new version of Questions takes the focus off public inquiries (a service already dominated by Q&A sites like Quora) and instead focuses on soliciting recommendations from friends. ""There are a lot of places you can go on the internet to ask questions of people who you don't know, but there are very few places you can go to get responses from your friends,"" said Adrian Graham, a project manager for Questions. ""We thought that this is where we should focus."" The updated version will be rolled out to current testers first. When they start asking questions, the feature will automatically be pushed to their friends. Those who don't want to wait for a friend to ask a question on their profile in order to use the new feature can download it here. For now, the feature is only available in English. Here's a quick look at the new product: . Asking a question . When asking a question, users have an option to create a poll with restricted answers or one that allows anybody to add answers. The latter option is helpful if, for instance, they want to ask their friends for restaurant recommendations. Generally, this type of question only requires a short answer, but it's not as though there are a limited number of options. Friends can add their favorite restaurants to the answer list easily, and if they have something else to say can write it in an attached comment section. For questions that don't work with a poll format (i.e. ""Can we have a long discussion about the meaning of life?""), this comment section becomes the answer section. When we last checked in on the product in July, wall posts about Questions merely referenced isolated pages where friends could respond. Now questions can be answered and commented on within newsfeeds and profile pages. When a friend participates, the question is also posted to his or her profile page. Hypothetically, a compelling question could spread to every Facebook user in this way. Answering a question . As users respond, each option's box fills to reflect its popularity. This way, viewers see the poll questions and results at the same time. Facebook also displays the profile photos of respondents next to the options they select. More on social media from Mashable . When users are adding an option to a poll-style question, Facebook prepopulates a drop-down menu with corresponding Facebook pages. One of these pages can be tacked to the answer so that other users can see a preview window of that page.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved."
"Bath, Maine (CNN) -- Under clear, blue skies, a ship dedicated to fallen Medal of Honor recipient and Navy SEAL Lt. Michael Murphy was christened Saturday by his mother, Maureen, at Bath Iron Works shipyard in Maine. ""I feel not only Michael's presence, but that ship embodies the spirits of Michael and his teammates,"" Murphy's father, Daniel, told CNN. Following tradition, Murphy's mother cracked a bottle of champagne against the hull of the USS Michael Murphy. ""Happy Birthday, son!"" Murphy's mom said on what would have been her son's 35th birthday. His life was cut short in the mountains of Afghanistan in 2005. Dr. Josh Appel, an Air Force Reserve flight surgeon, helped retrieve Murphy's body after a firefight that claimed the lives of 18 other troops, including 2 SEALs from Murphy's team. Appel called the christening ""a symbolic gesture that brings Michael's spirit into the ship."" Murphy's team -- on a mission to go after a Taliban leader -- was ambushed when the troops were outnumbered by Taliban fighters. Murphy was honored for his courage by running into a clearing to call for help despite exposing himself to enemy fire. He was hit with two bullets in his back, but continued to seek help on the call. His final words to his command belied the deadly attack under way: ""Thank you,"" he said. ""We can never repay, but must never ever forget,"" said Sen. Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, in front of more than 2,000 people at the shipyard. The ship's dedication comes during a week of honors for Navy SEALs. Members of the elite special ops force killed Osama bin Laden during a 38-minute operation early Monday in Pakistan. ""You're going to have good days. You're going to have bad days,"" Rear Adm. Garry Bonelli told CNN. ""What we're trying to do is defend freedom and follow out the president's orders. That's what we're all about."" The destroyer will be moved to a dry dock for several months while workers put the final touches on it. The lettering on the stern of the ship doesn't need any more work. It says, ""Michael Murphy,"" but among its admirers, it's already being called ""the Murph."""
"(CNN) -- Don Crisman has never missed a Super Bowl. ""My family knows not to die on Super Bowl Sunday,"" he said, ""because I won't make it to the funeral."" And with great game attendance comes myriad memories. The 74-year-old Rhode Island native paid $8 to see Green Bay defeat Kansas City at the first AFL-NFL championship in 1967. Thirty-five years later, he roared with fellow Patriots fans as kicker Adam Vinatieri nailed a 48-yard field goal to beat the Rams in Super Bowl XXXVI's final seven seconds. He barely noticed Janet Jackson's infamous ""wardrobe malfunction"" during Super Bowl XXXVIII's halftime show in 2004. Now, he's ready for the Steelers-Packers matchup in Dallas, blizzard or otherwise. Crisman is one-fourth of the ""Never Miss a Super Bowl Club,"" an exclusive group featured in Visa's latest advertising campaigns. Test your Super Bowl knowledge . He and three other men boasting a perfect attendance record -- 49ers fan Larry Jacobson, Steelers fan Thomas Henschel and Packers fan Robert Cook -- can be seen in the national commercials, flashing more than four decades of Super Bowl ticket stubs. ""Sports fans see the Super Bowl as the pinnacle of U.S. sporting events -- an American institution, really,"" said Alex Craddock, head of Visa's American marketing. ""This year, our NFL campaign was developed to celebrate the passion that fans have for the sport of football and the Super Bowl."" Members of the club, who met and devised their name when a reporter profiled them individually for an NFL media guide, will attend their 45th Super Bowl on Sunday. This time, the game's on Visa's tab. ""44 years, 44 games, and we never had a free ticket,"" Jacobson said. ""This is a pretty good deal for me."" Are you planning a Superbowl trip? Jacobson, who went to the first Super Bowl to impress a date, said he spends thousands of dollars yearly to fund his football obsession. ""The game is an excuse to travel,"" he said. ""We've been to Disney World, the beach, all over, the week of the Super Bowl. It's even better knowing I'm on a vacation while my friends are working."" The club members don't intend to break their Super tradition anytime soon. Crisman said he'll keep going for ""as long as the Big Guy Upstairs allows."" ""Just before playoff time, there's a big magnet somewhere in the sky drawing me in the direction of the game,"" he said. ""It's kind of a crazy, expensive odyssey I'm on. A pilgrimage -- whatever you want to call it."""
"(CNN)  -- Former Olympic champion Angel Matos of Cuba faces a life ban after kicking a referee flush in the face during his taekwondo bronze medal match in Beijing. Matos reacted in extraordinary fashion to being disqualified by Chelbat. Matos, who took gold in Sydney in 2000, was winning 3-2, with just over a minute left in the second round, when he fell to the mat after being hit by his opponent, Kazakhstan's Arman Chilmanov. Matos lay down, awaiting medical attention, but was then disqualified by referee Chakir Chelbat of Sweden for taking too much injury time. A furious Matos reacted by pushing a judge, then pushed and kicked Chelbat in the face. It left the Swede with blood pouring from his lip while Matos spat on the floor and was then escorted out of the arena. ""We didn't expect anything like what you have witnessed to occur,"" said World Taekwondo Federation secretary general Yang Jin-suk. ""I am at a loss for words,"" he told the Associated Press. Matos' coach, Leudis Gonzalez, is also in hot water for his angry reaction and claiming the Kazakhs had tried to fix the match. ""This is an insult to the Olympic vision, an insult to the spirit of taekwondo and, in my opinion, an insult to mankind,"" Yang added. Although the arena announcer said Matos and his coach were banned effective immediately, Yang said due process must be followed before officially banning the two. It was not the only controversial moment in the four-day taekwondo competition, which was marred by several protests against judging decisions. Earlier Saturday, China's double gold medalist Chen Zhong crashed out in the quarterfinals after initially being declared the winner. She was fighting Britain's Sarah Stevenson, who scored with a clear head kick -- worth two points -- in the final seconds of their bout. That would have put Stevenson ahead and into the semifinals, but the judges ruled Stevenson's kick wasn't solid enough for points, and Chen was declared the winner 1-0. After Britain protested, the result was changed to put Stevenson in the semifinal. She lost that to jeers from the partisan Chinese crowd, but later won a bronze medal match. It was the first time a match result has been overturned since taekwondo became an official Olympic sport. Copyright 2008 CNN. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press contributed to this report."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Hundreds of Pakistani residents have taken up arms and are battling local Taliban militants in the wake of a deadly mosque attack last week. A Pakistani police stands guard at a checkpoint in Peshawar, Pakistan on June 8. It is the first major battle between the residents of northwest Pakistan and Taliban militants near the Afghanistan border. The residents are outraged over a suicide attack on a local mosque during Friday prayers that killed at least 40 people and wounded some 80 others. Starting on Saturday morning, some 400 villagers in the Upper Dir district formed a ""lashkar"" -- or militia -- to fight the Taliban, killing 14 of the militants as of Sunday evening, according to local administrator Atiq Ur Rehman. Four of the villagers have been injured in the battle, Rehman said. The militia have burned a number of houses thought to be sheltering the militants, according to Upper Dir police chief Ijaz Kahn. Both the residents and Taliban fighters are using heavy weapons, including rocket launchers and anti-aircraft weapons, Rehman said. There is a long history of Taliban presence in the area, including foreign fighters in leadership roles, local officials said. Authorities said Taliban fighters were driven out of Shot Ghas and Ghazigay -- two villages where the Taliban have support. The villagers took up arms against the Taliban after Friday's suicide attack at a mosque in Hayagay Sharqi -- a village in Upper Dir located about 35 km (22 miles) from the Afghan border and known for being against the Taliban. Upper Dir is a part of the Swat Valley, where the Pakistani military has waged a month-long operation against Taliban militants, but the district has not been part of the ongoing military offensive. The United Nations has said an estimated 2 million Pakistanis have been displaced by fighting between the Pakistani military and Taliban militants. The militants threatened to continue attacking cities in Pakistan until the military ends its operations against Taliban militants. As a result, Pakistani authorities have increased security in Islamabad, Pakistan's capital city. CNN's Ingrid Formanek and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report ."
"Los Angeles (CNN) -- Two days before Christmas, the alleged smuggler apparently thought Easter eggs would be the perfect ploy to conceal 14 pounds of cocaine. It didn't work. U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers sensed something was a little off with candy for the wrong holiday, a spokeswoman said. ""That's certainly an anomaly, isn't it? They're trained to detect anomalies in all kinds of situations,"" said Lee Harty, a spokeswoman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ""It's an unusual concealment method -- at least for this time of year. Maybe not for spring."" Esteban Galtes, 23, of Miami, Florida, was being held without bail being set Monday after he asked a federal court in Los Angeles to continue his Monday hearing until Wednesday, said U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Virginia Kice. Galtes' attorney could not be reached for comment Monday evening. Galtes is accused of smuggling cocaine into Los Angeles International Airport after a week-long trip in Colombia, and he's charged with importation of a controlled substance, which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison, authorities said. Last Thursday night, Galtes' luggage was allegedly found to conceal  more than 14 pounds of cocaine during a search by customs officers, officials said. Much of the cocaine was camouflaged as pastel-colored Easter egg candies, and the remainder of the cocaine was hidden under a cardboard false bottom of a paper shopping bag, authorities said. ""When they inspected the candies and they cut it into them, a white powdery substance was exposed, which tested positive for cocaine,"" Harty said. The cocaine has a street value of more than $100,000, authorities said. ""Drug traffickers are always trying novel ways to conceal their contraband,"" said Claude Arnold, special agent in charge of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations in Los Angeles. ""But cocaine camouflaged as Easter candy is one of the more unusual tactics we've come across. Obviously two days before Christmas, this defendant didn't expect his trip would end with federal officers conducting an Easter egg hunt,"" he said in a statement. Galtes told the officers that the eggs were for his two children, federal authorities said. ""This smuggling attempt and interception should give notice to all persons involved in this illicit trade to think twice when attempting to smuggle cocaine or other prohibited drugs/items into LAX,"" Carlos Martel, acting director of Los Angeles field operations for Customs and Border Protection, said in a statement. Homeland Security investigators are continuing to look into the smuggling operation, officials said."
"(CNN) -- Six children ages 1 to 7 have been hospitalized for severe gastrointestinal illnesses after swimming this month in an Alabama indoor water park, a state health official said Friday. The children got sick after visiting the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center between June 12-18, said Dr. Mary McIntyre, medical officer of the Bureau of Communicable Disease at the Alabama Department of Public Health. The indoor splash park was closed Friday but the park's other facilities remained open, a park official said. Environmental officials will test chemical levels before the splash park will re-open, according to McIntyre. ""We are continuing to work with the medical community to identify the extent of the problem,"" she said. Five of the children have been transferred from East Alabama Medical Center in Opelika to the Children's Hospital of Alabama in Birmingham, where they were being treated with antibiotics, the official said. In a statement, the department of public health urged parents whose children who may have visited the park to contact the health department if they suffer symptoms of nausea, vomiting or severe diarrhea. Seven day-care centers took children to the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center for a day camp during the time frame officials have identified as when the water may have been contaminated, the health department said. ""We're recommending any children who did attend the splash park, until we can determine the full extent of the infection, not to swim in inflatable pools,"" McIntyre said. She added that such swimming could risk exposing other children to the bacteria. Illnesses linked to pools are commonly caused by germs spread through contact with contaminated water, the department said in a news release. E. coli infections are caused by bacteria that can be found in foods and stool. Children often become infected after being exposed to others who are not toilet-trained. ""It's not uncommon for recreational water illnesses to occur, particularly in the summer, because a lot of people are in the pools,"" McIntyre said. ""Children have a tendency to swallow water which is probably why we're seeing it in a younger group."" The health department warns people not to swim if they have diarrhea; to avoid swallowing pool or lake water; and to shower with soap before swimming so that germs and bacteria do not end up in pool water."
"KHARTOUM, Sudan (CNN) -- (CNN) -- Fighting resumed Tuesday in a disputed oil-rich town in Sudan, threatening to reignite a calamitous civil war which ended three years ago. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon deplored the fighting between the Sudanese military and troops with the Sudan People's Liberation Army. The SPLA fought a rebellion against the government for more than 20 years until both sides signed a peace deal in 2005. The deal's Comprehensive Peace Agreement ended a north-south civil war that killed about 2 million people and displaced more than 4 million others. An impasse over the boundaries of the town of Abyei is a major reason the peace agreement has not been fully implemented. Fighting erupted in Abyei on May 13. It resumed Tuesday despite a cease-fire and has ""resulted in the destruction"" of the town ""and the displacement of between 30,000 and 50,000 people,"" the secretary general said in a statement. Don't Miss Sudanese opposition leader arrested Sudan cuts ties with Chad after attack Darfur rebels advance on Sudan capital, their leader says ""If the situation is not urgently addressed, the achievements thus far of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement could be placed at serious risk,"" he said. The civil war in Sudan, which started in 1983, pitted a northern government dominated by Arab Muslims against black Christians and animists in southern Sudan. That conflict was not directly related to ongoing violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan. Human rights groups and United Nations say the Sudanese military armed and trained Arab militias in Darfur after a rebellion erupted in 2003. They say the military and militias have engaged in widespread killing, rape and forced displacements in Darfur as they battle about rebels who have splintered into roughly a dozen groups. One of those groups staged a daring attack this month near the Sudanese capital, Khartoum. The government said it quashed the attack. Nearly 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million displaced in Darfur in the last five years, the UN says."
"Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- The doors to the headquarters of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference civil rights group have been welded shut and padlocked, an escalation in a power struggle between two factions claiming leadership of the organization, the two sides said Tuesday. The doors were discovered shut Monday night. The Rev. Markel Hutchins, a recent aspirant to the organization's presidency who claims to be on the board, said the doors were welded and padlocked to keep the current leadership out of the headquarters building. ""They refused to leave the building, and under the law you can't remove them forcibly,"" Hutchins told CNN affiliate WSB. ""So what we had to do was make certain we secured the building while no one was inside to protect the safety and security and the integrity of the organization."" ""I am troubled by this conduct. It is the act of reckless individuals,"" SCLC Chairwoman Sylvia Tucker said in a statement released Tuesday. ""Hutchins has no right to be on SCLC property,"" Tucker said. ""His conduct of vandalizing and damaging SCLC property proves that Hutchins will do anything to try to control the SCLC."" Tucker and her faction say that Hutchins has never been on the board of the SCLC or been a national officer for the organization. The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was one of the co-founders of the SCLC, which was formed in 1957 to coordinate protest activities across the Southeast, the group's website says. The organization has seen a power struggle dating back about a decade, said Ralph Luker, a retired professor who specialized in the civil rights movement and has been an observer of the SCLC. But the current crisis stems from accusations that former officers diverted SCLC funds into non-SCLC accounts, he said. Those charges remain under investigation. A former chairman and former treasurer were removed from the board, and those who backed them formed the faction that is quarrelling with the current leadership. Hutchins aligned himself with the faction backing the ousted leaders, Luker said. Hutchins ran for SCLC president last year but was defeated by Bernice King, Martin Luther King Jr.'s daughter. He was then appointed to the board by the faction led by the ousted chairman, a move that a judge has since ruled invalid. ""That essentially is what this is about: who effectively is going to control the organization,"" Luker said."
"(Entertainment Weekly) -- Neither the magic of Harry Potter nor the combined star power of Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler was enough to keep a crew of wise-cracking guinea pigs from scurrying to the top of the box office this weekend. Disney's family comedy ""G-Force"" made an estimated $32.2 million in its debut. Disney's family comedy ""G-Force,"" produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and featuring the voices of Nicolas Cage, Will Arnett, and Penelope Cruz as a team of world-saving rodents, made an estimated $32.2 million in its debut. Despite opening hot on the heels of the one-week old ""Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince,"" the animation/live action hybrid pic was a hit with young audiences, pulling 55 percent of its viewers from the under-18 crowd. But Potter's box office magic hasn't worn off just yet: The series' sixth installment landed in the number two spot its second weekend with $30 million, bringing its total to $221.8 million. After just 12 days in theaters, 'Half-Blood' is already the fifth biggest hit of the year domestically, not to mention overseas, where the powerhouse has raked in an additional $236 million. There was plenty for adults to enjoy at the box office, too. ""The Ugly Truth,"" a raunchy R-rated rom-com that pits Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler in a battle of the sexes, scored an impressive $27 million bow, a career best for both Heigl and director Robert Luketic (""Legally Blonde""). The weekend's other wide release, Warner Bros' creepy ""Orphan"" -- starring Peter Sarsgaard and Vera Farmiga -- pulled in $12.8 million from an audience that was 55 percent female. Lower down on the chart, Fox Searchlight's ""(500) Days of Summer"" (at number 11 with $3 million) is still building momentum. The quirky rom-com posted a hefty $19,176 per-site average and a 95 percent increase over its debut last weekend. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved."
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- An 18-year-old Guatemalan man who doctors say faces almost certain death unless he receives a transplanted heart is surrounded by family as he waits, thanks to the kindness of strangers. Juan Gonzalez was earning $250 a week as a dishwasher when his heart trouble began. Juan Gonzalez, now lying in a hospital in Atlanta, hopes to learn Friday whether he will be added to the list of people eligible to receive transplants. Doctors at St. Joseph's Hospital said Gonzalez appears to be a good candidate. Without a transplant, they said, he could die in six months. The teen traveled alone to Rome, Georgia, to earn enough money to help support his family back home. The undocumented worker took a job as a dishwasher for $250 a week. That's when heart trouble stepped in. Dr. Frank Stegall, a cardiologist at Redmond Regional Medical Center in Rome, told Gonzalez he had a chronically weak heart, or dilated cardiomyopathy. The organ pumps only 20 percent of the blood a healthy heart would, Stegall said. As his heart failed, Gonzalez's plight moved the hospital staff to try to reunite him with his parents. They contacted U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey -- himself a doctor. Gingrey persuaded the State Department to expedite travel visas for Pascual and Maria Gonzalez, and Delta Air Lines provided a free ride. Last month, CNN aired a story on Juan Gonzalez. Afterward, the Larry King Cardiac Foundation -- founded by the CNN talk show host 21 years ago to pay for life-saving cardiac care for patients without insurance who don't qualify for state or federal assistance -- helped get Gonzalez transferred to St. Joseph's Hospital in Atlanta for evaluation. Many of the people who saw the story on CNN were moved to offer help. It was then that the possibility of a heart transplant became real, thanks to a large donation from one of those people. The donor has asked that details of the gift not be revealed, other than his name, Sam Shapiro. Gonzalez and his parents say they are grateful for the overwhelming support. St. Joseph's has provided housing for the parents at a nearby hotel. Although it is not clear where Gonzalez will go once the evaluation at St. Joseph is completed, staff members at Redmond in Rome, about 60 miles northwest of Atlanta, indicated they might provide a place for the parents to say. The parents' visas will run out in about two and a half months. CNN's Anna Armas contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- Pre-tournament favorites the Ivory Coast qualified for the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations with a 3-1 victory against Ghana in Angola on Friday night, despite having Emmanuel Eboue sent off. The Elephants have four points from two games, leaving Ghana and Burkina Faso to fight for the other place from Group B, with Togo having withdrawn following the deadly gun attack on their team bus. Ghana's Black Stars will need to show more penetration next Tuesday than they did on a boggy-looking, cut up pitch in Cabinda, with Burkina Faso needing just a draw to go through. Injury-hit Ghana, four-time winners of the tournament, started with captain Michael Essien on the bench as he was deemed not ready to play due to the hamstring problem that delayed his arrival from England. And while his side made it a bright start, it was the Ivorians who took the lead in the 23rd minute after a swift counter-attack, with Barcelona midfielder Yaya Toure threading a slide-rule pass behind the defense to Salomon Kalou which allowed the Chelsea striker to square a simple chance for Gervinho to knock into the net. Kalou's clubmate Essien came on at halftime for Mousse Narry and gave his team more presence in midfield, but it was the Ivory Coast who were left to rue strongarm tactics when Arsenal's Eboue was red-carded for a dreadful two-footed lunge on Agyeman Opoku in the 55th minute. Mathew Amoah almost made the Ivorians pay immediately, but his left-foot shot hit the base of the post with goalkeeper Boubacar Barry well beaten. But Ghana paid for their lack of finishing when Siaka Tiene fired in a superb free-kick in the 67th minute, with his dipping left-foot effort from the right-hand side of the pitch clearing the wall and beating keeper Richard Kingson at his near post. Kalou was stretchered off soon after following a collision with a teammate, but the Ivory Coast were comfortable and added a third goal in the final minute of regulation time when his replacement Kader Keita did well to deliver a cross which captain Didier Drogba powerfully headed home at the far post. Ghana were given a consolation penalty in time added on when halftime substitute Asamoah Gyan went down under a 50-50 challenge from Soulemane Bamba, and the Rennes striker got up to slot the goal.
"(CNN) -- It's been three years to the month since Dan Brown's book ""The Da Vinci Code"" hit theater screens, becoming a worldwide blockbuster. Tom Hanks says working in Rome, Italy, added to the production values of ""Angels & Demons."" Now superstar Tom Hanks and director Ron Howard are back with another of Brown's best-sellers, ""Angels & Demons."" Unlike the previous effort in which the Oscar-winning duo went on a shooting spree across several European countries, the new film takes place in just one locale, Rome. Much of the movie was shot on soundstages and sets built in Hollywood, but the cast and crew also spent months in the Italian capital, which they say provided the film with an undeniable authenticity, not easily duplicated anywhere else.  Watch the excitement of shooting in Rome  . Hanks and Howard sat down with CNN to talk about the challenges -- and ""blessings,"" in Hanks' word -- of making ""Angels & Demons"" happen in one of the world's most densely trafficked, architecturally powerful cities. Tom Hanks: You're shooting in a place like Rome and quite frankly, every layer of history and every passer-by, every scooter, every truck adds to the ambience of the film, the production value that you couldn't get in a million years if we were trying to fake it during the daylight hours back home. Ron Howard: We used every device known to cinema, from the latest cutting-edge technology to certain filmic illusions that go back a hundred years, literally to the birth of the medium, to sort of low-budget street photography where you['re] just pull[ing] up in a car, getting out a van, clearing a little space and shooting a shot. And I hope that it does the thing that these kind of adventures should do, which is really transport an audience. Hanks: Every step of the way we seem to be enjoying the blessings of how complicated it is to shoot in a place of Rome. We had a lady show up who was getting married at the Pantheon, and she had to get to the altar, and we had to get our shots. She showed up right between shots when we were moving the cameras. We got her into her wedding day. We went and got our shots; she came out when she was done -- huzzahs all the way around and before the sun went down we were still able to finish up our day."
"(CNN) -- Barcelona battled into the quarterfinals of the Copa Del Rey on Wednesday night as veteran French defender Eric Abidal scored his first goal for the Spanish champions in a 1-1 draw at Athletic Bilbao. Pep Guardiola's team set up a clash with either La Liga rivals Getafe or second division Real Betis after winning on away goals following the 0-0 draw at the Camp Nou last month. The 31-year-old Abidal, who was brought on as a second-half substitute, netted only the second goal of his career in the 75th minute to leave Bilbao needing two goals to go through. The left-back sidefooted home after Xavi marked his record-breaking 550th appearance for Barcelona with a trademark pass to the feet of the recalled Lionel Messi, who guided the ball into Abidal's path. Xavi equals record as Pedro double puts Barcelona further ahead . The Basques threatened to take the match into extra-time when Spain striker Fernando Llorente continued his fine scoring run with an 85th-minute equalizer, but Barcelona held on. ""When I get a chance like that, I shoot. Now I hope to score more this season,"" Abidal told AFP. Defending champions Sevilla cruised into the last eight with an 8-3 aggregate victory over La Liga rivals Malaga, winning 3-0 in the away leg. Ivory Coast midfielder Ndri Romaric scored the opener with a deflected freekick six minutes after halftime, then substitute Diego Perotti made it 2-0 before Malaga defender Weligton was sent off for a second booking and Brazil striker Luis Fabiano netted late with another setpiece. What were the top sporting moments of 2010? Sevilla will next play either Villarreal or Valencia, who meet on Thursday following a 0-0 first-leg draw. Top-flight team Deportivo La Coruna needed extra-time before ending the hopes of second division Cordoba as Adrian scored a hat-trick in a 3-1 win. The Spain under-21 international's treble ultimately gave the Galicians a 4-2 aggregate victory, but he needed to convert a penalty late in regulation time to stop his side crashing out after David Arteaga struck in the 86th minute. Cordoba collapsed after Miguel Angel Tena was sent off in extra-time as Deportivo set up a clash with either Mallorca or Almeria, who lead 4-3. Real Madrid also play on Thursday, holding an 8-0 advantage over Levante, while last season's runners-up Atletico Madrid take a 1-0 lead to Espanyol."
"(CNN) -- Brett Ratner has resigned as a producer of this year's Academy Awards show for an anti-gay remark he made over the weekend, the movie director said Tuesday in an open letter to his colleagues. ""Over the last few days, I've gotten a well-deserved earful from many of the people I admire most in this industry expressing their outrage and disappointment over the hurtful and stupid things I said in a number of recent media appearances,"" Ratner said in the letter, which was given to CNN by his representative, Allan Mayer. ""To them, and to everyone I've hurt and offended, I'd like to apologize publicly and unreservedly."" Ratner met with the representatives of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation prior to announcing his resignation, GLAAD said in a news release Tuesday. When asked during a question-and-answer session about his newly released action comedy, ""Tower Heist,"" whether he rehearses with his actors before shooting a scene, Ratner replied, ""Rehearsing is for f*gs,"" GLAAD said in its release, citing New York Magazine's Vulture blog. ""When we sat down with Brett today, he seemed very sincere in his desire to use this experience as a way to begin speaking out against anti-gay language in popular culture,"" said Herndon Graddick, senior director of programs and communications at GLAAD. ""We believe his resignation is just the first step and will be announcing a series of concrete actions with Brett in coming days and weeks."" In his statement Tuesday, Ratner said ""it pains me deeply that I may have hurt"" his colleagues who ""are members of the LGBT community."" ""Having love in your heart doesn't count for much if what comes out of your mouth is ugly and bigoted,"" Ratner said. ""With this in mind, and to all those who understandably feel that apologies are not enough, please know that I will be taking real action over the coming weeks and months in an effort to do everything I can both professionally and personally to help stamp out the kind of thoughtless bigotry I've so foolishly perpetuated."" Ratner said he had called Tom Sherak, president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, to resign as the producer of the Academy Awards show. ""Being asked to help put on the Oscar show was the proudest moment of my career,"" Ratner said. ""But as painful as this may be for me, it would be worse if my association with the show were to be a distraction from the Academy and the high ideals it represents."" ""Tower Heist,"" which stars Ben Stiller and Eddie Murphy, made $24.2 million on its first weekend."
"(CNN) -- America's bid to spread basketball's popularity will continue in the next two years, with Britain to stage men's NBA and women's WNBA pre-season matches along with Olympic build-up games for the U.S. international teams. London has hosted NBA teams for the past few years, with this week's double-header between New Jersey Nets and Toronto Raptors the first during a regular season. However, the focus will soon move north of the UK capital to Manchester. The WNBA's Atlanta Dream will launch the series of matches later this year, when they face an as-yet-unknown opposition in an exhibition contest on May 29. It will be only the second match outside of the U.S. in the WNBA's history, coming seven years after the first in Monterrey, Mexico. The U.S. squads will head into the London 2012 Games as gold medallists after both men's and women's teams emerged victorious from the 2008 tournament in Beijing, China. The opposition for next year's preparation matches, which could see basketball superstars such as Kobe Bryant and LeBron James play at the 18,100-capacity Manchester Evening News Arena, have not yet been decided. ""It is a real 'who's who' of the basketball world. It will be fantastic preparation,"" NBA Europe senior vice president Sophie Goldschmidt told the UK Press Association on Monday. ""It will really tip off their 2012 campaign. Hopefully the people will really embrace them and support the team."" In 2013, Manchester will then become only the second British city to host an NBA pre-season match. Atlanta Dream head coach Marynell Meadors, whose team reached the play-offs the last two seasons, is looking forward to the new experience. ""It will be terrific for us. This will be our second pre-season game and five days later we open our campaign,"" she said. ""It will prepare us for travel. It will prepare us for playing someone different. We will learn something from it."" Goldschmidt said the matches would help boost basketball in one of its developing countries. ""It is great to showcase our events, but it is about the legacy we will leave behind. With every event we bring there will be an integrated plan giving more young kids the chance to get involved in basketball,"" she said. ""We feel very positive about the future of the sport in Manchester and throughout the UK."""
"(CNN) -- Roger Federer said Andy Murray can claim multiple Grand Slam titles after the eight ATP World Tour finalists were introduced to British Prime Minister David Cameron. Ahead of the season-ending event in London, Mr Cameron invited Federer, Murray, world number one Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Andy Roddick, David Ferrer, Tomas Berdych and Robin Soderling to a reception at Downing Street. The week-long tournament gets underway on Sunday when British number one Murray takes on Soderling in the opening match at the O2 Arena. Top eight ready for London showdown . ""It's fantastic that the ATP World Tour Finals tournament is back in London for the second year running. It's great for London and great for the country,"" Mr Cameron was quoted as saying by the ATP Tour website. ""I hope that seeing the world's top players compete right on our doorstep, including Britain's very own Andy Murray, will inspire our next generation of sporting heroes."" Murray, who has yet to win a Grand Slam title, said: ""It's the second time I've been here. It was nice. He [David Cameron] likes tennis, which we knew beforehand. We spoke about tennis and some of the past players. It was good fun, I really enjoyed it."" But on the eve of the tournament, Federer, who has 16 Grand slam titles to his name, said Murray had the potential to dominate the sport if he can clinch his first major crown. ""If Murray wins a first grand slam title, that could possibly open the floodgates,"" Federer told British newspaper The Daily Telegraph. ""And he could start dominating and winning slams, but I guess you just never know until he does it. ""It's important that you believe that you can do it, and Murray clearly has the game to do it, as otherwise he wouldn't have a winning record against me or so many titles already."" Murray will play Federer in the round robin stage and boasts a good record against his opponent, winning eight of their last 13 meetings. But Federer rejected suggestions that Murray holds a psychological edge over him. ""I never really thought about it from that perspective about having a psychological advantage,"" Federer said. ""He has very strong things on his side, and I have very strong things on my side, and that's why these days when we play each other it comes down to who has the better day. ""I don't feel as though necessarily he or I have an advantage over the other. I just think he's become a really good player."""
"(CNN)  -- Gael Monfils saved five match points before beating top seed Roger Federer 7-6 6-7 7-6 to reach the final of the Paris Masters on Saturday. The home hero will play Robin Soderling for the title after the Swede beat  another Frenchman, Michael Llodra, in an earlier pulsating encounter at the Bercy arena. It was truly the great escape for 12th seed Monfils, who was on the ropes as he served at 5-6 down in the deciding set, having broken back after dropping his service for the first time. The opening two sets were shared on tiebreaks. 16-time grand slam champion Federer proceeded to force a succession of match points, all saved by a mixture of dogged defense by his French opponent or uncustomary errors by the world number two. The partisan crowd breathed a collective sigh of relief when Monfils finally forced the third tiebreak of the match and claimed an early mini-break. Federer retrieved the loss but uncharacteristic forehand errors saw him fall behind again and when Monfils was presented with his first match point he seized it. He will now hope to go one better than 2009 when he was beaten in the final by Novak Djokovic. ""I went to the limits of myself,"" Monfils admitted after his first career victory over Federer. ""I feel better and better as the tournament goes on. I ran out of juice a little bit at the start of the third set but the fans were there, they pushed me and I kept believing."" Earlier, world number five Robin Soderling had to save three match points before ending the fairytale run of Llodra. He won 6-7 7-5 7-6 to reach his first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 final, but came under massive pressure in the 12th game of the third set. Like Monfils, Soderling staved off defeat to force a deciding tiebreak and secured victory on his second match point after two hours and 49 minutes of gripping action. ""Today it was a great match. It wasn't maybe pretty, but I'm here as a winner,"" Soderling told the official ATP Tour website. Llodra, who came back from a break down in the deciding set to set up his victory chances, had defeated defending champion Djokovic and Nikolay Davydenko on his way to his first Masters semifinal."
"New York (CNN) -- Juror deliberations got under way Tuesday in the case against alleged Russian arms trafficker Viktor Bout, marking a near-end to the high-profile trial. Bout is charged with a wide range of counts, including conspiracy to kill Americans, attempting to sell arms to undercover federal agents, wire fraud and violating U.N. Security Council sanctions. If convicted, he faces life in prison. Assistant U.S. Attorney Brendan McGuire on Tuesday boasted that the evidence against Bout ""is overwhelming,"" pointing to alleged ties with a variety of armed conflicts. ""He did everything he could to show that he could be a one-stop shop"" for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, said McGuire. The jury is expected to reconvene Wednesday at 10 a.m. EDT. Bout, widely dubbed ""the Merchant of Death"" and often referred to by American officials as among the most notorious of global arms traffickers, has pleaded not guilty to all charges. His attorney, Albert Dayan, said the former Soviet air force officer was not involved in illegal arms sales, telling jurors that federal agents baited Bout into selling the weapons alongside a deal to sell airplanes. Dayan says his client has been unfairly charged. The heart of the charges against Bout stem from a 2008 sting operation in Thailand by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency. According to a 2008 federal indictment, undercover agents posing as FARC rebels attempted to buy larges caches of weapons from Bout. Agents tried to buy 700 to 800 surface-to-air missiles, thousands of AK-47s, and landmines, according to the indictment. They told Bout that they wanted the arms ""to kill Americans,"" to which Bout said that he ""was going to prepare everything the FARC needed."" Before the arrest, the DEA had struggled to draw Bout out of his Russian homeland, which had long sheltered and defended him. Undercover agents met with Bout's associates the world over, from Curacao to Copenhagen, in an attempt to set up a meeting with their target, according to the indictment. He was extradited to the United States in 2010 following protracted court proceedings in Thailand. Critics accuse Bout of providing larger and more powerful arms to rebels in several countries and fueling bloody conflicts in places such as Liberia and Sierra Leone. The 2005 movie ""Lord of War,"" starring Nicolas Cage, was inspired by Bout's life."
"(CNN) -- Two of three American hikers who have been detained in Iran for nearly 10 months -- Shane Bauer and Sarah Shourd -- have gotten engaged in prison and plan to get married after their release, their relatives said Monday. The third hiker, Josh Fattal, plans to be best man at the wedding, the relatives said in a statement. The three hikers' mothers learned of the engagement when they visited Bauer, Shourd and Fattal in Iran last week. ""Shane told me that he proposed to Sarah in the yard of Evin prison on January 6, the very same day that we applied for our visas to go visit them,"" Bauer's mother, Cindy Hickey, said in the written statement. ""We're all so overjoyed at the news but it's obviously impossible to know when the wedding will take place."" The couple wears engagement rings that Bauer made from threads he pulled from his shirt, the statement said. ""Sarah couldn't wait to show me her ring,"" said Shourd's mother, Nora Shourd. ""It's one of the things that keeps her going -- knowing that she and Shane have this unbreakable bond and a friend in Josh who will always be there for them."" Iranian authorities detained the three after they reportedly crossed the border into Iran by accident while hiking in Iraqi Kurdistan. On Sunday, Iran's intelligence minister said the three Americans are spies, but he hinted that Iran may consider releasing them in exchange for the release of Iranian prisoners, state media reported. ""We expect the Americans, who claim to be advocates of human rights, to also commit humanitarian acts, because only after this can we decide on whether or not to have a swap,"" Iranian Intelligence Minister Heydar Moslehi said, according to the IRNA news agency. Speaking on the sidelines of a Cabinet meeting, Moslehi said there had been no official talks about a swap, Iranian state television reported. The trio made a brief phone call home March 9 and have had access to a few letters and messages sent by relatives, friends and supporters. They have not been formally charged, although Iranian officials have said they will face trial on espionage charges. Before their trip, the mothers had requested meetings with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, but those meetings did not take place, according to the hikers' attorney."
"(CNN)  -- President Obama said in an interview aired Sunday that the hardest decision he's made since taking office was to send more troops to Afghanistan. In a ""60 Minutes"" interview, President Obama said, ""I fundamentally disagree with Dick Cheney."" Also in the interview on CBS' ""60 Minutes,"" Obama defended his decision to shut down the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba,  and he countered criticism from former vice president Dick Cheney. ""I fundamentally disagree with Dick Cheney -- not surprisingly,"" Obama said. ""I think that Vice President Cheney has been at the head of a movement whose notion is somehow that we can't reconcile our core values, our Constitution, our belief that we don't torture, with our national security interests. I think he's drawing the wrong lesson from history."" Obama was responding to comments Cheney made to CNN's ""State of the Union"" on March 15, when he said the president is making the nation less safe by closing the Guantanamo prison and ending interrogation practices that Bush administration critics consider torture for terror suspects. Just a month into office, Obama ordered 17,000 troops to Afghanistan, the original front in the ""war on terrorism"" sparked by the September 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. ""I think it's the right thing to do. But it's a weighty decision because we actually had to make the decision prior to the completion of the strategic review that we were conducting,"" Obama said. Coming off a tumultuous week over the millions in bonuses paid out to employees of AIG, Obama said Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner's job is secure despite critics calling for his resignation. Obama joked that even if Geithner were to tender his resignation, the president would tell him, ""Sorry buddy, you've still got the job."" Geithner has come under fire over the $165 million in bonuses AIG paid its top executives after the insurance giant received more than $170 billion in federal bailout money. A loophole in the recently approved economic stimulus bill, included at the behest of the Treasury, allowed AIG to pay the bonuses. ""It's going to take a little bit more time than we would like to make sure that we get this plan just right,"" Obama said. The president also stressed that his administration won't endorse a House bill that would levy a 90 percent tax on bonuses paid out by companies that receive bailout money. ""As a general proposition, you don't want to be passing laws that are just targeting a handful of individuals,"" Obama said. ""You want to pass laws that have some broad applicability ... you certainly don't want to use the tax code to punish people."""
"(CNN) -- Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres will join the judges' panel on ""American Idol"" for the show's ninth season beginning in 2010, a Fox spokeswoman confirmed Wednesday. Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres brings years of experience in front of a live audience to her role. ""I'm thrilled to be the new judge on American Idol,"" DeGeneres said Wednesday. ""I've watched since the beginning, and I've always been a huge fan. So getting this job is a dream come true, and think of all the money I'll save from not having to text in my vote."" The popular comedian and entertainer will fill a seat left vacant by Paula Abdul, who announced she was leaving the show in August after eight seasons. Was DeGeneres the right replacement? DeGeneres will sit alongside Simon Cowell, Randy Jackson and Kara DioGuardi after auditions are completed for the popular talent show, which starts in January. Until then, guest judges including Mary J. Blige, Kristin Chenoweth, Joe Jonas and Neil Patrick Harris will fill the empty slot, Fox said.  Watch Jackson discuss what DeGeneres brings to the show  . ""We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres join the ""American Idol"" judges' table this season. She is truly one of America's funniest people and a fantastic performer who understands what it's like to stand up in front of audiences and entertain them every day,"" said Mike Darnell, president of Alternative Entertainment for Fox. ""We feel that her vast entertainment experience, combined with her quick wit and passion for music, will add a fresh new energy to the show."" DeGeneres brings years of experience in front of a live audience as the host of ""The Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" now in its seventh season, and the host of the 79th Annual Academy Awards. In her new role, the Emmy Award-winning talk show host faces the task of winning over Abdul's supporters, who lamented that her departure would irreparably alter the show. The singer-dancer turned ""Idol"" judge was known for her positive comments to the singers participating in the shows. She was also known for her on-camera run-ins with Cowell and other judges in the show. ""With sadness in my heart, I've decided not to return to Idol. I'll miss nurturing all the new talent, but most of all being a part of a show that I helped from day 1 become an international phenomenon,"" a statement on Abdul's verified Twitter account said last month."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Barack Obama weighed in Thursday on the conflict between Israel and Hamas, urging Israel to open Gaza border crossings and telling the Islamic fundamentalist organization to stop rocket fire into the Jewish state. President Obama called on both Israel and Hamas to make changes toward Mideast peace. He urged Israel to allow the flow of aid and commerce into the Palestinian territory. ""Our hearts go out to Palestinian civilians who are in need of immediate food, clean water and basic medical care,"" he said. The crossings should be opened with an ""appropriate monitoring,"" he added. Obama said Hamas leaders, for their part, must put an end to rocket attacks. He said he will send former Sen. George Mitchell, who was appointed Thursday as special envoy for Middle East peace, to the region as soon as possible. Earlier, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived at her new office in the State Department, promising a renewed emphasis on candor and ""robust diplomacy"" as the primary means for advancing American interests around the world. America's new chief diplomat walked through the front doors of the State Department lobby shortly after 9 a.m. ET to thunderous applause from an overflow crowd of about 1,000 career diplomats and other department employees. ""I believe with all of my heart that this is a new era for America,"" Clinton told her colleagues. ""President Obama set the tone with his inaugural address. ... Robust diplomacy and effective development are the best long-term tools for securing America's future.""  Watch Clinton greet her new employees  . In remarks that could be interpreted as a rebuke of the departed Bush administration, Clinton also said that the Obama administration would not ""tolerate the divisiveness and paralysis that has undermined our ability to get things done for America."" Clinton also called for a new sense of candor and free exchange of ideas. She urged the country's diplomatic corps to think ""outside the proverbial box."" ""There's nothing I welcome more than a good debate and the kind of dialogue that will make us better,"" she said. Clinton later attended an intelligence briefing and a meeting with members of the Diplomatic Security Service. She also walked through various State Department offices, including the operations center. Clinton also phoned international leaders, according to acting State Department spokesman Robert Wood. She is expected to call Asian leaders later Thursday. Clinton will also visit the U.S. Agency for International Development, which she praised ""for the work they've done on behalf of development through some very difficult years."" During her confirmation hearing, Clinton pledged to secure more resources for the State Department and USAID, which has seen a lot of its development work fall to the Pentagon during the Bush administration. Clinton is the 67th U.S. secretary of state. CNN's Elise Labott contributed to this report."
"ORLANDO, Florida (CNN) -- Prosecutors will not seek the death penalty for a Florida woman charged with killing her missing 3-year-old daughter, according to court documents filed Friday. Casey Anthony has been charged in an indictment with the premediated murder of daughter Caylee. ""It is not in the best interest of the people of the state of Florida to pursue the death penalty as a potential sentence,"" prosecutors concluded, according to the document. ""Therefore, the state of Florida will not be seeking the death penalty as to Casey Marie Anthony."" Anthony, 22, is charged with killing her daughter, Caylee Anthony, in a case that has received national attention. She was arrested last month and faces charges including first-degree murder in the disappearance of Caylee, who has been missing since June.  Watch newly released jailhouse tapes  . She could face a sentence of up to life in prison. Anthony waited about a month before telling her family that Caylee was gone. Cindy Anthony -- Caylee's grandmother and Casey Anthony's mother -- called the Orange County, Florida, sheriff July 15, saying her daughter would not tell her where Caylee was. When questioned, Anthony gave conflicting statements to police, including some that were later disproved, according to hundreds of documents and investigative reports released in the case. She claimed she dropped Caylee off with a baby sitter, but when police checked out her story, they learned that the address Anthony supplied belonged to an apartment that had been vacant for weeks. The woman Anthony named as her baby sitter told police she did not know her. Investigators previously have said cadaver dogs picked up the scent of death in Anthony's car, as well as in her parents' backyard. They also said air quality tests conducted by the FBI found evidence consistent with human decomposition and chloroform in the trunk of Anthony's car. A neighbor told police that Anthony had asked to borrow a shovel. Also, analysis of Anthony's computer found she had visited Web sites discussing chloroform, as well as Internet searches of missing children, according to information released in the case. Last month, Florida 9th Circuit Judge Stan Strickland denied prosecutors' request to impose a gag order in Anthony's case, saying he could not state that continued publicity would pose a threat to her trial, or even that a gag order would stem the flood of media attention. CNN's Rich Phillips contributed to this report."
"Clearwater, Florida (CNN) -- Jury selection in the case of Casey Anthony, who is charged in the death of her 2-year-old daughter, continued Tuesday as attorneys removed several people from the viable jury pool. The day was a setback for Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. of the Orange County Superior Court, who has said he wants to seat a jury as quickly as possible. The selection process has so far lasted eight days. The goal is to have everything finalized for opening statements this week. Attorneys and the judge have rejected potential jurors for reasons ranging from financial hardship to bias. Anthony, 25, is charged with capital murder in the death of her daughter Caylee. The young girl's skeletal remains were found in woods near her family's home in December 2008 after she went missing for six months. Anthony has pleaded not guilty. She faces six other charges, including aggravated child abuse, aggravated manslaughter of a child and misleading law enforcement. Jury selection is taking place at the Pinellas County courthouse in Clearwater, Florida. Attorneys on both sides struck several jurors Tuesday, whittling the potential pool of vetted candidates to just 11 -- six women and five men. Monday ended with 17 such candidates. Those remaining could still be cut before they are sworn in to serve. Twelve jurors and eight alternates were expected to be seated on the jury, which will be moved to and sequestered in Orange County, where the alleged crime happened and where the trial will take place. However, Perry on Monday raised the possibility the trial could move forward with fewer than eight alternates. ""We will have what we will have,"" he said. Perry had said previously he would begin swearing in jurors once the number of unrejected candidates reached 15. Jury selection was moved from Orlando to Clearwater amid intense media coverage of the case, which could make it difficult to select an impartial jury. Prosecutors have said they plan to show Anthony used ""a substance"" to kill her daughter. Meanwhile, outside the courthouse, the parents of Casey Anthony are working to obtain trademarks for ""Caylee Anthony"" and ""Justice for Caylee,"" according to their attorney, in a bid to prevent people from selling products that use their granddaughter's name. Mark Lippman, who represents George and Cindy Anthony, said they have also sent a demand letter, the first step in filing a claim for libel, to CafePress, a California-based online retailer that markets such products. HLN's Natisha Lance and In Session's Michael Christian contributed to this report. Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN. For the latest from Nancy Grace click here."
"(CNN) -- An Indonesian court on Wednesday handed a seven-year sentence to a former tax official for corruption in a case that  exposed rampant government graft. Gayus Tambunan was also fined 300 million rupiah ($30,000 ) after being found guilty of corruption. Crowds booed and jeered when the judge read the verdict, which was less than the 20 years demanded by the prosecutors. Prosecutors plan to appeal. Gayus  case came into the spotlight after he cooperated with the police to become a whistle-blower and expose the corruption in almost all aspect of the Indonesian judiciary system. ""This case have been influenced by many sides to make me look like public enemy number one in Indonesia,"" Gayus said after the verdict. ""I'm really disappointed with legal system mafia task force (formed to combat corruption in the judiciary system), who didn't investigate the high level officials and instead politicized the issue."" Gayus first came to national attention when he was arrested for bribing the judges, prosecutors and the police for more than $2 million to have his corruption case dismissed. He was initially accused of helping companies evade taxes. Police later revealed that the lowly tax official, despite making a only modest income a month, had reportedly amassed millions of dollars in cash and assets. Gayus stirred anger in the country when he was photographed in Bali watching a tennis tournament when he was supposed to be in custody for his corruption case. He said he was in need of a holiday after feeling ""stressed out"" in prison. He later admitted that he had escaped prison at least 68 times by bribing the guards. He said he has taken trips to various destinations, including Macau, with fake passports obtained from the immigration office. ""Gayus is just the tip of the iceberg, his case indicates rampant corruption in the judiciary system, the tax office and the immigration office but the main issue seems to be avoided,"" said  Adrianus Meliala, a criminology professor and police observer. ""For instance, the police investigation didn't include where the funds were funneled. This case doesn't surprise me because corruption has become a culture in the tax office and this shows that the reform process is far from finished."" The case prompted the president to order authorities to look into dozens of companies allegedly linked to Gayus and recover state assets."
"Srinagar, India (CNN) -- Indian police fired on pro-independence protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir Monday, killing four people and wounding 16 others, a senior police officer said. The deaths bring to 69 the number of people killed in 87 days of violence, as demonstrators stage large protests and block highways in marches calling for independence for the region. Hundreds of others have been wounded. Monday's violence came in Palhallan, about 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Srinagar,when protesters blocked a highway. Police fired to disperse the crowd after some demonstrators began throwing stones, some of them targeting a motorcade carrying the Kashmir zone police chief. Guards accompanying the motorcade chased members of the mob, injuring some in the process, a police spokesman said. The police administration has initiated an inquiry into the shooting, the spokesman said. ""The ammunition of the policemen is being checked to (determine) responsibility. Those found to be involved shall be proceeded against strictly according to the law,"" the spokesman said. Thousands of people shouting anti-Indian slogans later blocked the highway. The Muslim-majority Kashmir has seen some of the worst unrest ever against Indian rule since June 11, when a teenager was killed in Srinagar by a tear gas shell. New Delhi's efforts to break the cycle of violence have not yet shown any results. Kashmiri separatists have put forth five demands for ending the unrest and starting a dialogue with New Delhi. They include the acceptance of Kashmir as an international dispute by New Delhi, which views it as a domestic problem. They also want the release of detainees and the withdrawal of security forces from civilian areas of Kashmir. The separatists warned that if the demands were not met by the Muslim holiday of Eid, which falls later this week, they will intensify the agitation. Kashmir has been a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan. The region is claimed by both, and each rules part of it. Indian-administered Kashmir has been in the throes of separatist violence for the past 20 years, leaving -- according to the official count -- 43,000 people dead. However, many human rights groups and non-governmental organizations say the figure is twice the official estimate."
"Lagos, Nigeria (CNN)  -- Nigeria's acting head of state has urged citizens to maintain peace and stability while the nation's ailing president recuperates after more than three months at a Saudi Arabia hospital. Vice President Goodluck Jonathan's comments came after President Umaru Yar'Adua returned home early Wednesday, but his condition is unknown. He left Nigeria in November for treatment for inflammation of tissue around his heart, creating a power vacuum in Africa's most populous nation for months. Nigerian lawmakers voted earlier this month to install Jonathan as acting head of state. On Wednesday, Jonathan assured Nigerians ""that the ship of state is on course"" and lauded Yar'Adua's return, but did not give details on his condition. ""It is at times like this that all patriots must rise to the occasion, and place the interest of the country above every other consideration,"" the acting president said in a statement. Jonathan will continue to oversee the nation as the president recuperates, but his health has ""greatly improved,"" said presidential spokesman Olusegun Adeniyi. Yar'Adua's absence sparked protests in the capital, Abuja, where demonstrators demanded a constitutional order on his absence and evidence about his condition. During his absence, some incidents in the west African nation sparked international headlines, prompting more backlash. A Nigerian man was charged with attempting to bring down a U.S.-bound plane on Christmas Day. A cease-fire Yar'Adua had spear-headed with militants also started unraveling, and religious conflict in the city of Jos killed hundreds. Yar'Adua's return sparked fears of more instability in the oil-rich nation. A statement from the U.S. State Department hailed the news, but said it hoped his return was not an effort by his advisers to topple stability and renew uncertainty in the democratic process. ""Nigeria is an extraordinarily important country to its friends and partners, and all those in positions of responsibility should put the health of the president and the best interests of the country and people of Nigeria above personal ambition or gain,"" Assistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson said in a statement. ""As a nation of 150 million people, Nigeria's democracy and its continued adherence to constitutional rule should be the highest priority,"" the statement added. CNN's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- A three-goal blitz in nine minutes sent Arsenal second in the English Premier League as they finally ended their hoodoo against champions Chelsea by winning 3-1 at Emirates Stadium on Monday night. Goals from Alex Song, Cesc Fabregas and Theo Walcott put Arsene Wenger's side two points behind leaders Manchester United, and ended a run of five successive defeats to Chelsea. Branislav Ivanovic pulled a goal back for the visitors, but it wasn't enough to end their miserable run of form as they continue to search for their first win since early November. The Gunners were handed a boost before kickoff as Spain midfielder Fabregas was restored to the starting lineup, as well as Dutch striker Robin Van Persie, but Chelsea's French forward Nicolas Anelka was absent with a knee injury. Football's heroes and villains of 2010 . The first half was a scrappy affair as Chelsea sat back and invited their opponents to attack them, with neither side creating much in the way of goalscoring opportunities. But that all changed five minutes before the break as Samir Nasri forced Chelsea keeper Petr Cech into a fine save with an effort that was curling towards the top corner. And just four minutes later Arsenal were ahead. Song exchanged passes with Wilshere, before picking up a loose ball in the area and driving it into the corner of the net. The home side came roaring out of the traps in the second half, as Walcott latched onto a loose pass from Michael Essien and drew Cech before squaring to Fabregas, who stroked the ball into an empty net on 51 minutes. Little more than a minute later the roles were reversed as Fabregas clipped a ball through to Walcott, who fired low past Cech from the edge of the area. Chelsea gave themselves a glimmer of hope on 57 minutes as Ivanovic glanced Didier Drogba's curling freekick into the net, but despite committing plenty of men forward the champions couldn't fashion a way back into the match. Nasri and Abou Diaby had chances to compound Chelsea's misery, but both squandered late opportunities. Chelsea's defeat is bound to heap more pressure on their Italian manager Carlo Ancelotti, who has presided over a wretched run of just one win in eight games. ""We have to wake up because we are asleep,"" he told Sky Sports after the game. ""We did not play well but Arsenal did and they deserved to win. We must stay focused and continue to work hard."" Arsenal boss Wenger said: ""We were disciplined, played for each other and were less nervous and perhaps less adventurous at some stages. ""Let's hope the game has strengthened our belief and that we can challenge for the championship."""
"(CNN) -- Roger Federer exclusively told CNN that the stunning shot he executed in his U.S. Open semifinal against Novak Djokovic was the best of his career. Roger Federer hailed his stunning shot against Novak Djokovic as the best of his career. The world number one produced a near-faultless performance to defeat fourth seed Djokovic in straight sets to reach his sixth consecutive U.S. Open Final at Flushing Meadows, but it was an outrageous shot to set up match point that will be most remembered. It came with Djokovic serving at 6-5 down in the third set. At love 30-0 up Federer dashed back to the baseline and hit a winner through his legs that flew over the net and past Djokovic into the corner for match point. ""I think it was the greatest shot I have ever hit in my life,"" Federer told CNN. ""I have hit some good ones over all the matches I have played, but I think this one, especially under the circumstances at love 30-up and with having chance to maybe clinch the match, was amazing. ""I got a standing ovation and people went crazy -- here in New York the crowds are fantastic -- as it was the perfect shot to hit, at exactly the right time, and I can't believe I pulled it off."" Federer also revealed he is producing his best tennis because he is under less pressure than perhaps he was at the same time last year. At this stage in 2008 Federer had not won a grand slam but after winning the French Open and a historic 15th major at Wimbledon this time round he admitted he is more relaxed. ""I have a little bit less pressure to prove myself after reaching the 15 Grand Slams everyone was talking about and I also I won in Paris,"" he added. ""Getting through the pregnancy with my wife Mirka and having two beautiful daughters is also something that relaxes you for sure. But at the same time when you walk out on center court there will always be a certain type of pressure which will be there for the rest of my career. ""I just have to make sure I handle it correctly. I always play my best tennis towards the end of a tournament and I am happy that it is continued in this match after everything that has already happened this year."" Federer will play Argentina's Juan Del Potro who reached his first grand slam final after he crushed Rafael Nadal in the other semifinal. The sixth seed blew Nadal away at the Arthur Ashe Stadium, taking two hours and 20 minutes to take a comprehensive 6-2 6-2 6-2 victory."
"Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic (CNN) -- Baltimore Orioles pitcher Alfredo Simon said Monday the shooting death of a 25-year-old man over the weekend was an accident. ""In truth that young man was my friend, like a brother,"" he said of Michael Esteban Castillo.  ""It wasn't a thing like we began arguing and I started shooting.  It was some accident; it happened by accident,"" Simon said, speaking at the police station where he turned himself in.  ""That's why I came here -- to open my soul,"" he said. Simon surrendered to Dominican National Police early Monday morning to face murder charges.  Simon is also accused of wounding Castillo's 17-year-old brother, Starlin. The injuries to the brother are not life-threatening, police said. Simon's attorney said the major league baseball player had fired his gun into the air. Puerto Plata District Attorney Victor Mieses said Monday that he will seek three months of incarceration against Simon and widen the investigation. Puerto Plata Assistant District Attorney Juan Carlos Hernandez, who is handling the case, said of Simon, ""So far he's the one.  There's no doubt about the incident.""  Hernandez added that it's ""normal"" to seek temporary incarceration when there's a shooting death. Police spokesman Maximo Baez said Simon turned in his gun as part of the investigation into the shooting in the Los Salados section of the town of Luperon, in the province of Puerto Plata, early Saturday. Simon was accompanied by his attorney, Carlos Olivares, and by fellow Oriole Julio Lugo, Baez said. ""The projectile's trajectory was only up into the air, so much so that he left,"" Olivares said of his client.  ""He understood that nothing had happened at the moment.  And 45 minutes later, when he was eating at a some restaurant or discotheque, somebody tells him, 'Hey, you're the one who killed so-and-so.'"" Lugo said, ""We're concerned about his career or whether he's going to have to go to jail.  We don't know if it was him.  He wants to clear up what happened, but no one really knows if it was him for sure."" Simon was scheduled to appear at the courthouse in Puerto Plata for arraignment Monday, Baez said. Simon, 29, hails from Santiago. He joined the Orioles in 2008. The Baltimore Orioles declined comment. Journalists Jorge Pineda and Diulka Perez contributed to this report."
"LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN)  -- Royal Dutch Shell said Tuesday that it may not be able to meet its oil supply obligations in Nigeria after an attack on its major pipeline. Heavily armed Nigerian rebels pose a constant threat to oil pipelines in the country. The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND), a rebel group, said ""detonation engineers backed by heavily armed fighters"" sabotaged two of Shell's pipelines early Monday. After a helicopter flyover of the area, Shell confirmed that parts of its large Nembe Creek ""trunk line"" were damaged, company spokeswoman Caroline Wittgen said. The company shut down some production ""to limit the amount of crude that will spill into the environment,"" she said. Hours later, it declared ""force majeure,"" a legal term meaning it could not meet its supply obligations in the region because of the attack. ""[Shell] is working hard to repair the line and restore production,"" Wittgen said. Nigeria is the fourth-largest supplier of oil to the United States, and attacks by rebels have helped fuel the year-long spike in crude oil prices. It's one of many factors pushing up the price of gas in the U.S., where one in every 10 barrels of oil comes from Nigeria. MEND -- the largest rebel group -- has targeted foreign oil companies since 2006. It has bombed pipelines and kidnapped hundreds of foreign oil workers, typically releasing them unharmed, sometimes after receiving a ransom payment. MEND hopes to secure a greater share of oil wealth for people in the delta, where more than 70 percent of the population lives on less than a dollar a day. Its attacks on oil facilities have taken a toll. ""Anytime a pipeline is affected, anytime any production gets shut down, you see oil prices jump up one or two dollars a barrel just because there is no slack in the system,"" said Jim LeCamp, a senior vice president with RBC Wealth Management, which manages assets for wealthy clients worldwide. Exxon and Shell are two of several companies that have been extracting 2 million barrels of oil a day in Nigeria. Recent rebel attacks on oil pipelines in the Niger Delta have cut overall production by roughly 10 percent -- meaning 200,000 fewer barrels of oil on some days. That decrease in production comes at a time of increased demand from oil-hungry regions such as China, Russia and Latin America. ""Anytime there's a disruption there, it really affects the system,"" LeCamp said in a recent interview with CNN."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A U.S. soldier convicted of rape and murder two decades ago will be executed December 10 in the nation's first military execution since 1961, the Army said Thursday. Pvt. Ronald Gray has been on the military's death row at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, since 1988. A court-martial panel sitting at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, unanimously convicted him of committing two murders and other crimes in the Fayetteville, North Carolina, area, and sentenced him to death. Gray's execution by injection will be carried out by Fort Leavenworth soldiers at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana, the Army said in a news release. Gray was convicted of raping and killing a female Army private and a civilian near his post at Fort Bragg. He was also convicted of the rape and attempted murder of another fellow soldier in her barracks at the post. Both military and civilian courts found Gray responsible for the crimes, which were committed between April 1986 and January 1987. Gray pleaded guilty to two murders and five rapes in a civilian court and was sentenced to three consecutive and five concurrent life terms. The general court-martial at Fort Bragg then tried him and in April 1988 convicted him of two murders, an attempted murder and three rapes. In July, President George W. Bush approved the Army's request to execute Gray. ""The president took action following completion of a full appellate process, which upheld the conviction and sentence to death,"" the Army said in the news release. ""Two petitions to the U.S. Supreme Court were denied during the appellate processing of Pvt. Gray's case."" Members of the U.S. military have been executed throughout history, but just 10 have been executed with presidential approval since 1951 under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, the military's modern-day legal system. The Army also sought Bush's authorization to execute another condemned soldier, Pvt. Dwight Loving, who was convicted of robbing and killing two cab drivers in 1988. The last U.S. military execution was in 1961, when Army Pvt. John Bennett was hanged for raping and attempting to kill an 11-year-old Austrian girl. Bennett was sentenced in 1955. The U.S. military hasn't actively pursued an execution for a military prisoner since President John F. Kennedy commuted a death sentence in 1962. Nine men are on military death row. CNN's Mike Mount contributed to this report."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi leaders are applauding President Obama's plan to withdraw most U.S. troops from the country by August 2010. U.S. troops will cede security measures to Iraqi security forces including the police, shown here, and the army. Iraq's Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi's office released a statement Saturday saying he received a call from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton informing him of Obama's announcement of the withdrawal. ""Mr. al-Hashimi welcomed the American administration's commitment to withdrawing its troops from Iraq according to the agreed-on schedule and stressed that every possible effort should be exerted to increase the readiness of Iraqi security forces and improve their performance,"" the statement said. Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said Obama called him to tell him about the plan Friday. The prime minister said Iraqi security forces have proven their ability to provide security across Iraq ""which qualifies them to take over full security responsibilities from American forces."" Obama said Friday he plans to withdraw most U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010.  Watch Obama say ""Our combat mission will end""  . Between 35,000 and 50,000 troops will remain to help execute a drawdown plan under which all U.S. forces will be out of Iraq by December 31, 2011. That was a deadline set under an agreement the Bush administration signed with the Iraqi government last year. ""Let me say this as plainly as I can: By August 31, 2010, our combat mission in Iraq will end,"" Obama said in a speech at the Marine Corps'  Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. Meanwhile, Iraqi President Jalal Talabani visited neighboring Iran, where the supreme leader warned him that the United States is planning a prolonged stay in Iraq. ""Occupying military forces are laying the groundwork for a long-lasting stay in Iraq, and that is a great danger,"" Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Talabani on Saturday, according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency. ""Occupying military forces should leave Iraq as soon as possible,"" Khamenei said, according to IRNA. ""Every day their exit is delayed will be a detriment to the Iraqi nation."" On Friday, Talabani met with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who described Tehran's ties with Iraq as ""growing and deep,"" according to IRNA. The two leaders vowed to expand their political, cultural and security relationships."
"(CNN) -- The mother of child murder suspect Casey Anthony affirms her belief in her daughter's innocence and expresses fear for her safety in letters released by court officials on Thursday. ""You stay strong Casey,"" Cindy Anthony tells her daughter in one letter from May. ""Many, many people believe in you and are trying to get to the truth. Not everyone has been brainwashed and not everyone is trying to cover his/her butt."" Casey Anthony is charged with capital murder in the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee. The girl was reported missing in July 2008, and investigators found her body after five months of intense searches and speculation. In the May letter, Cindy Anthony writes that she ""freaked out"" when she saw her daughter being escorted into the courtroom by heavily armed deputies. ""I was worried that there's treats [sic] on your life and are finally being taken seriously,"" she wrote. ""I swear there are maniacs out there. I hope they step up security next year, for all of us. It's going to be nuts. Hopefully by then somebody will actually look at the evidence and clearly see that they need to be looking for the real person that took our Caylee."" In June, after Casey Anthony tripped on her way to a court appearance and showed up with a chipped tooth and cut lip, her mother said she had been ""worried that something was going to happen to you."" She thanks her daughter for trying to call on Mother's Day, and tells her, ""I had a dream the other night that you will be home."" ""I know you better than anyone,"" Cindy Anthony wrote. ""Even with unanswered questions I still know the person you are and love you have in your heart. Your problem is that you are too trusting like I was. Unfortunately, we both found out how ugly and mean people really are. There's very few people you can trust."" The letters were released as part of discovery in the case. In June, prosecutors released more than 5,000 pages of documents that ranged from marriage proposals from admirers to calls for Casey Anthony to be put to death. She has pleaded not guilty and has refused to see visitors, because the sessions would be videotaped and eventually released. In a July letter, her mother laments, ""I just wish we had the ability to speak to each other."" In Session's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Jury selection was under way for a second day Tuesday in the trial of a man accused in the rape and beating death of an Arkansas television anchor a year ago. Curtis Lavelle Vance, 29, would face the death penalty if convicted of charges including capital murder, rape, residential burglary and theft in the October 2008 death of Anne Pressly, 26. He has pleaded not guilty. Pressly, the morning news anchor for Little Rock, Arkansas, television station and CNN affiliate KATV, was found badly beaten and unconscious in her home and died five days later. Vance was linked to the killing through DNA, and police told CNN last year they are ""110 percent"" sure he killed Pressly. Vance has given several statements to police, including one saying he was at her home and another admitting to her slaying. Defense attorney Steve Morley told CNN affiliate WREG that such evidence presents an obstacle for them to overcome, but he said he hopes an emotional closing argument will persuade jurors to spare Vance's life. ""Literally, you can affect an individual, and by affecting that individual you affect the outcome,"" Morley told the station. Pressly's mother, Patti Cannady, told NBC last year her daughter fought for her life -- so much so that her left hand was broken. ""I found my daughter beyond recognition with every bone in her face broken, her nose broken, her jaw pulverized so badly that the bone had come out of it; I actually thought that her throat has possibly been cut,"" Cannady said. ""Her entire skull had numerous fractures from which she suffered a massive stroke."" DNA evidence has also tied Vance to a rape in April 2008 in Marianna, Arkansas, about 90 miles east of Little Rock, police said in December. Police have said they found no previous link between Vance and Pressly and do not believe her being on television played a role in the slaying. ""I think he saw her someplace, probably followed her home with the intention of robbing her,"" Lt. Terry Hastings, spokesman for Little Rock police, told CNN in December. ""And then went from there."" Pressly's purse was taken, police have said. Parties in the case are hoping to finish jury selection Tuesday, according to the Pulaski County Circuit Court clerk's office."
"London, England (CNN) -- The International Cricket Council said Saturday it has launched an investigation into claims of a new betting scandal involving the Pakistan national team. The allegations, which emerged Saturday in the British tabloid The Sun, relate to the third One-Day International between England and Pakistan, held in London on Friday. ""A source informed The Sun newspaper that a certain scoring pattern would emerge during certain stages of the match and, broadly speaking, that information appeared to be correct,"" ICC Chief Executive Haroon Lorgat said in a statement. ""We therefore feel it is incumbent upon us to launch a full enquiry into this particular game, although it is worth pointing out at this stage that we are not stating as fact that anything untoward has occurred,"" Lorgat said. ""Only in the fullness of the investigation can that be established."" The Sun reported ""illegal bookies in India and Dubai apparently knew in advance what would happen"" during the game so they could make bets. The paper said its undercover team was able to pass details to ICC inspectors before the match began at the Oval cricket ground in south London. ""Cricket chiefs then watched as Pakistan's score mirrored the target that bookies had been told in advance by a fixer,"" The Sun reported. It is not thought the overall result was fixed -- only scoring rates in parts of Pakistan's innings, the paper said. It said the investigation centers on a person ""within the team camp"" who is believed to be the ringleader, taking money from bookies and ensuring their orders are carried out. Pakistan won the game by 23 runs. The claims follow a separate alleged scam, also involving the Pakistan team during its ongoing tour of England. The tabloid News of the World reported that Pakistan players deliberately bowled ""no balls,"" or fouls, at specific points in a game with England in late August, and that the alleged ringleader of the scam made 150,000 pounds (about $230,000). London's Metropolitan Police have questioned four players over the allegations. They passed their evidence in that case Friday to prosecutors, who will decide whether to press charges. The ICC provisionally suspended three of the players questioned by police and charged them with various offenses under the council's anti-corruption code."
"(CNN) -- Zemco Industries in Buffalo, New York, has recalled approximately 380,000 pounds of deli meat that may be contaminated with bacteria that can cause a potentially fatal disease, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Monday. The products were distributed to Wal-Marts nationwide, according to the USDA's website. The meats may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes, which was discovered in a retail sample collected by inspectors in Georgia. The USDA has received no reports of illnesses associated with the meats. Upon learning of the voluntary recall, Wal-Mart immediately told its stores to remove the meat from their shelves, the company said in a statement. ""Consumption of food contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis, an uncommon but potentially fatal disease,"" according to the USDA. ""Healthy people rarely contract listeriosis. However, listeriosis can cause high fever, severe headache, neck stiffness and nausea. ""Listeriosis can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths, as well as serious and sometimes fatal infections in those with weakened immune systems, such as infants, the elderly and persons with HIV infection or undergoing chemotherapy,"" the USDA said. The products subject to recall are: . -- 25.5-pound cases of ""Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches BLACK FOREST HAM With Natural Juices Coated with Caramel Color"" with the number 17800 1300. -- 28.49-pound cases of ""Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches HOT HAM, HARD SALAMI, PEPPERONI, SANDWICH PEPPERS"" with the number 17803 1300. -- 32.67-pound cases of ""Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches VIRGINIA BRAND HAM With Natural Juices, MADE IN NEW YORK, FULLY COOKED BACON, SANDWICH PICKLES, SANDWICH PEPPERS"" with the number 17804 1300. -- 25.5-pound cases of ""Marketside Grab and Go Sandwiches ANGUS ROAST BEEF Coated with Caramel Color"" with the number 17805 1300. The meats were produced on dates ranging from June 18 to July 2, 2010. The ""Use By"" dates range from August 20 to September 10, 2010. Wal-Mart noted the recall involves Marketside Grab and Go sandwiches, but not individual packages of deli meat. ""We encourage customers who recently purchased this item to return it for a full refund,"" the company statement said. CNN's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has urged his team not to rest on their laurels after Fernando Alonso's superb win at the British Grand Prix Sunday. Alonso's victory at Silverstone was the team's first since last October's Korean Grand Prix, but Montezemolo, while also congratulating his charges, said Ferrari mush continue to improve. ""We managed to win and that is down to you [the team] and I want to thank you all for it,"" the 63-year-old told the manufacturer's official website. Alonso claims British win for Ferrari . ""Now however, we must keep our feet on the ground ... we must take another step forward, because we want to win again this year: to succeed in that, you must all try and do your best in your daily work, trying to achieve a personal pole position."" Two-time world champion Alonso, 29, is third in the drivers' standings, behind the Red Bull duo of Australian Mark Webber in second and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel in first. Ferrari have clinched 16 constructors' championships in their illustrious history and are currently third in the team rankings, 54 points behind McLaren and 164 points behind runaway leaders Red Bull. Passing judgment: Hamilton must stay aggressive . Team boss Stefano Domenicali accepted there was still a large gap between Ferrari and the championship leaders, but said Ferrari must not give up on their pursuit of British-based Red Bull. ""Let us continue like this,"" the 46-year-old said. ""We are a long way off the leaders, but who knows, if things go in a certain way, the air could begin to get more rarefied."" Vettel, 24, has become the first-ever driver to finish in the top two of the season's opening nine rounds and he said Tuesday that Red Bull must now redouble their efforts. Latest Formula One standings after British Grand Prix . ""It was a tough race and Ferrari were very quick,"" the sport's youngest-ever world champion told Formula One's official website. ""We need to accept this and to understand that when you get beaten you have to accept it. It is a very important time now for the championship. ""We are in a good position still, but we need to keep working on ourselves otherwise the others come too close for our liking."" The Formula One circuit will now head to Germany, home ground for Vettel, and the 10th round of the season at the Nurburgring."
"(CNN) -- An American amateur golfer is poised to extend an incredible world record on December 26 as he aims to complete his 600th round of 2010. Richard Lewis holds the Guinness Book of World Records' title of ""Most Avid Golfer"" after breaking the mark of most rounds played in a year when he finished his 587th on December 19. The 64-year-old, who has played as many as 54 holes in a day, will take to the tee at the Four Seasons Resort and Club in the Las Colinas region of Dallas, Texas for his next milestone. He has played all of his rounds at the club's TPC venue -- which hosts the PGA Tour's Byron Nelson Championship event -- and its private members' course at Cottonwood Valley. Lewis, who has walked an estimated 3,900 miles during the feat, explained how this achievement is the next best thing to being a professional golfer. ""When I was 10 years old, I wanted to be a PGA Tour pro,"" he told the tour's website. ""But it never worked out for me. Now I have another quest, another goal, which I fully intend to complete in December."" To commemorate his momentous 18 holes, Lewis will play alongside supporters who have paid more than $5,000 to compete alongside him when he starts at his usual tee-off time of 7.30 a.m. The funds raised will then be donated to ""The First Tee of Dallas,"" a local charity aimed at improving the lives of young people through golf. After his effort on December 26, Lewis will continue to play until the end of this year, with his final total likely to stand at 611. Lewis told the PGA Tour website that he has missed only 19 days this year -- all due to bad weather. He has lost 40 pounds during the challenge despite eating at least one pizza a day plus protein drinks to keep up his strength. Four Seasons club manager Rob Cowan has hailed the veteran golfer's efforts. ""The detail to his quest is just amazing,"" Cowan said. ""Just eating healthy, staying healthy and getting ready for another round. ""In fact, I would say nobody in the 27-year history of the Four Seasons has gotten more out of his membership than Richard."""
"(CNN) -- A police officer jailed on a first-degree murder charge in a two-state shooting rampage was on his computer at the time of shootings and could not have committed them, prosecutors said Tuesday evening. Brian E. Dorian, 37, was to be released on his own recognizance Tuesday night, and charges against him will be formally dismissed Wednesday, Will County State's Attorney James W. Glasgow announced. ""I feel horrible that Brian Dorian went through this,"" said Glasgow, adding that evidence at the time and identification in lineups merited the charges. ""At no time did we stop looking for exculpatory evidence."" A forensic analysis of Dorian's home computer and its activity put Dorian at home at the time of the shootings, authorities said. The officer also told them he was watching sports programs and using e-mail. John Dorian, the officer's father, told CNN affiliate WLS he was ""relieved"" and ""never doubted his son."" Police now are looking at other leads in the shootings. Earlier in the day, Dorian appeared in court via a hookup from the Will County Jail. He did not speak but his attorney entered a not guilty plea, WLS reported. Several friends and relatives wore T-shirts bearing the message ""Free Brian."" ""There's an innocent man sitting behind bars and somebody else is running around out there knowing that he got away with it. It's not fair,"" Jill Aggen, a friend of Dorian, told WLS. ""No doubt in my mind. He's not capable of it."" Dorian, an officer with the Lynwood Police Department, was arrested Friday in the killing of one person and the wounding of three others in the spree, which occurred south of Chicago, Illinois. He was held on a probable cause warrant, and bail was set at $2.5 million. Dorian, who according to WLS has been on medical leave for an injured shoulder the past year, was taken into custody Friday at his residence, said authorities. The shootings began about 10:30 a.m. October 5 at a construction site near Beecher, Illinois. The gunman killed one worker at the site and wounded two others, police have said. An hour later and about 10 miles away in Lowell, Indiana, authorities believe the same gunman opened fire again -- this time on a local farmer. Keith Dahl was shot in the left shoulder, arm and elbow, and then was robbed. Dahl told Lake County (Indiana) Sheriff's Detective Robert Martinez that the gunman approached him on his farm and started a conversation about bees before beginning to shoot. The gunman was believed to be using a revolver -- possibly a Colt .38-caliber or .357 Magnum -- because no shell casings were found at either scene, Lake County Sheriff Rogelio ""Roy"" Dominguez said."
"(CNN) -- A search is under way for a pregnant 20-year-old Marine who has been missing from Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, since December 14. Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach was eight months pregnant when she went missing on December 14. Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach could give birth at any time, Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown told the Jacksonville, North Carolina, Daily News on Monday. The sheriff's department said Lauterbach's mother said that her daughter, of Montgomery, Ohio, had witnessed an incident at Camp Lejeune and was to testify about it. Sheriff's department officials said evidence causes them to be concerned about Lauterbach's disappearance, WITN reported. The Marine's car was found Monday at Jacksonville's bus station, Brown told the Daily News, and her cell phone had been found at Camp Lejeune's front gate on December 20. Her mother reported her missing on December 19, and told the sheriff's department ""that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter,"" the department said in a news release.  Watch Lauterbach's mom say what raised her concerns  . Investigators told the Marine Corps Times that a withdrawal from Lauterbach's bank account was made on December 14 and said there was ""suspicious activity"" on the account 10 days later. December 14 was also the last time Lauterbach's cell phone was used, authorities told the Marine Corps Times. The Raleigh News and Observer, citing Brown, reported that the woman's mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to 12 times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days. A Facebook page established to help find Lauterbach says she was last seen December 14 in Jacksonville. ""Call mom!!! You know the number,"" the page says. ""All of us love you and we miss you. Please come home!"" The page contains pleas for contacts from fellow Marines and friends of Lauterbach in Ohio. Lauterbach is a personnel clerk assigned to Combat Logistics Regiment 27, 2nd Marine Logistics Group, II Marine Expeditionary Force, the Marine Corps said. She joined the service on June 6, 2006. E-mail to a friend ."
Paris (CNN) -- Outside France, nobody gave them a prayer. Les Bleus had coughed and spluttered their way to the Rugby World Cup Final, at which point they were expected to be thrashed buy the red-hot favorites and tournament hosts New Zealand. But the French fans didn't care. On Sunday morning they turned out to cheer on their team at various fanzones across the country and they almost saw them produce one of the biggest rugby shocks of all time. They came out in their tens of thousands, many with tricolor facepaint, almost all with red, white and blue flags. There was even the rooster, a seemingly obligatory at every French rugby event, trying to peck at a kiwi - the small, tropical fruit, not one of conspicuous New Zealand fans who was 11,500 miles from home. For New Zealand, France are the bogey team. Les Bleus were not fancied to win their World Cup games against the All Blacks in 1999 and 2007, but on both occasions they came from behind to knock them out. They may have failed to impress during this tournament, but the French fans knew that their team had the quality and they were due a good game. And they delivered it today. A huge roar went up outside the Hotel de Ville as the French squad fronted up to the All Blacks' haka war dance. And in the opening minutes, France took the game to the hosts. This was not going to be the one-way traffic that almost all of the pundits had forecast. Even when Tony Woodcock crossed over to score for the All Blacks, the fans around me were not concerned. The French were playing confident, flowing rugby, the All Blacks were missing kicks and as the game progressed, the hosts were looking rattled. The street cleaners paused to lean on their brooms to watch the giant screen. The soldiers on duty - bristling with machine guns - were glued to the action. And when the French captain Thierry Dusautoir scored his second-half try, the chorus of cheers was deafening. It was well and truly game-on. Sadly for the French, that was all they could muster. The All Blacks just held on for a narrow one point win and the crowds in France disappeared into the afternoon autumnal sunshine. They had lost the game, but it was almost a moral victory. In the same week that the French government's role in the Libyan conflict was acknowledged as being pivotal, French national pride was restored in the sporting arena. They stood up and were counted. They contributed to a thrilling world cup final and they showed that they deserved to be there.
"Tehran, Iran (CNN) -- The Netherlands froze all ties with Iran Sunday after Tehran hanged a Dutch-Iranian woman a day earlier, calling the execution a ""shocking act by a barbaric regime."" And Dutch Foreign Minister Uri Rosenthal will ""discuss possible measures"" against Iran by the European Union on Monday, the foreign ministry said. Iran hanged Zahra Bahrami Saturday, saying she was a drug smuggler, the semi-official Fars news agency reported, although the Dutch government expressed ""great concern"" about her case three weeks ago. Fars said Bahrami smuggled cocaine into Iran with the help of a Dutch partner. But the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran suggested the drug charges were only a pretext to execute her. The campaign said Bahrami was originally charged with security offenses in the wake of widespread protests against the government over a controversial presidential election in June 2009. Her lawyer was ""shocked"" to find she had been hanged, the group said. ""I was absolutely not informed about this. They should have informed her lawyer of the execution, but I had no idea. I don't know what to say. Just that I am shocked,"" Jinoos Sharif Razi told the group. The campaign said it learned of the hanging from Bahrami's daughter. Bahrami was accused of bringing cocaine into the country twice and selling it. Cocaine and opium were found during a search of her house, Fars reported. Her sentence also included 70 lashes and a $1,400 fine, Fars reported. Fars added that during a search of her house, while she was charged with security crimes, 450 grams of cocaine and 420 grams of opium were discovered and, following further investigation, it was found that she had also distributed 150 grams of cocaine. Iran denied Bahrami access to Dutch consular assistance and would not let Dutch officials attend her trial because Tehran did not recognize her dual citizenship, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Netherlands said on January 5. 'I'm greatly concerned about Zahra Bahrami's situation, and I immediately asked the Iranian authorities to clarify the very disturbing reports that she had been condemned to death,"" Foreign Minister Rosenthal said in a statement at the time. It is not clear if Iran ever responded to the Dutch request. On Sunday, the Netherlands strongly advised Dutch-Iranian citizens not to travel to Iran. CNN's David Wilkinson contributed to this report."
"Denver, Colorado (CNN) -- A charter flight carrying family members of U.S. military service members serving in Japan landed Thursday on U.S. soil in Denver. The flight contained 144 people who voluntarily left Japan in the wake of the catastrophic earthquake and tsunami and ongoing concerns about the crippled Fukushima Daichi nuclear power plant. Weary from a 14-hour journey,  the families and 18 pets filed into a hangar converted into a welcome center. Representatives from all four branches of the military and Red Cross volunteers were on hand to give them food and water and help get them to their final destinations around the country. About half of the passengers were children who immediately set about playing in a dragon-shaped ""moonbounce"" and by tossing footballs around with the service members on hand to help. One of the parents was Airman 1st Class Megan Pencook of the Air Force, clutching her 5-week-old son, Adrian. Pencook is stationed at Yokota Air base near Tokyo. She was holding her son when the earthquake hit. ""I felt huge shaking. I was feeding my son and just holding him to me and trying to remember what earthquake safety was. I was shaking so bad,"" Pencook said. ""It was the scariest experience of my life."" The childs father is an Air Force airman serving in Korea. He wanted them to leave riight after the earthquake, but Pencook wanted to stay in Japan, a country she has grown to love. ""Then I heard of radiation positioning in the water in Tokyo and I said, 'It's time to go,"" she said. When she landed in Denver there were service members on hand to help her with Adrian and make sure she had whatever she might need. ""It feels so good to know that in a crisis, your military family is there for you,"" she said. The chartered Delta jet first touched down in Seattle where all aboard were screened for radiation. ""Every international flight is monitored and there have been no significant amounts of radiation,"" said Army Col. Marc Hutson. As the afternoon wore on, the hangar resembled a children's birthday party as much as a military operation. Footballs flying, moon-bouncers bouncing and dogs chasing each other. Hutson took in the scene with a smile. ""It's awesome. These are our families; this could be my family coming back. Morale is high,"" he said."
"(CNN) -- Police in Boston, Massachusetts, are searching for a man suspected in the murder of one woman and the armed robbery of two others, all of whom, they say, he may have met through their Craigslist ads for personal services. Julissa Brisman, 26, was described as ""a really sweet, goofy, energetic kid."" Officers discovered New York resident Julissa Brisman, 26, unconscious with multiple gunshot wounds at Boston's Copley Marriott Hotel on Tuesday night. She was transferred to Boston Medical Center, where she died shortly afterward. Police said Brisman, a model, offered massages via Craigslist, a popular online classified ad service. The confrontation between Brisman and her killer seems to have begun as an attempted robbery, police said. ""It appears that there was a struggle between the victim and the suspect in the threshold of the hotel room immediately prior to the shooting,"" the Boston Police Department said in a statement on its Web site. Police speculate the man may also be responsible for the recent robberies of two other young women who offered personal services via Craigslist. Four days before Brisman's slaying, a 29-year-old woman was robbed at gunpoint at a Westin Hotel in Boston. Police spokesman Joe Zanola would not disclose the details of her Craigslist ad but said she and Brisman were ""involved in similar professions."" On Thursday night at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick, Rhode Island, a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement, according to Warwick's police chief, Col. Stephen McCartney. The robbery was interrupted when the woman's husband entered the room. After pointing his gun at the husband, the suspect fled, according to McCartney. He said that no conclusions could be made but allowed that the incident ""may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area."" Matthew Terhune, a photographer who met Brisman when he took pictures of her for a calendar last year, described her as ""just a really sweet, goofy, energetic kid."" He added that she was enrolled in Alcoholics Anonymous and was contemplating counseling fellow recovering addicts. He had been unaware of her side job as an Internet masseuse. Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall, clean-cut young blond man in a black windbreaker leaving the property, said the Boston Police Department, which is asking the public's help in identifying the man. Representatives from Craigslist did not respond to a request for comment."
"(CNN) -- Defending champion Roger Federer will seek to claim his fourth Cincinnati Masters title on Sunday when he faces Mardy Fish. The third seed Federer leads Fish 5-1 in career meetings, but Fish beat Federer in their last meeting in 2008 at Indian Wells, according to ATP World Tour's Web site. In Saturday's semifinal, Fish beat fellow American ninth seed Andy Roddick 4-6, 7-6(3), 6-1 after rallying from a set down and near-defeat in the second set, according to ATP World Tour. Two rain delays went in favor of Fish, the first coming when Roddick led 5-4 in the first set, giving each players an hour respite. The second delay came during the second set when Fish was facing near-defeat at 2-5. Fish would return and force a tie-breaker, which he'd win, followed by a dominant deciding set. ""I've never felt better on the court, and I've never been more confident and I've never played better,"" Fish said, according to ATP World Tour's Web site. ""I've won a lot of matches this summer. [The weight loss] has a ton to do with it,"" he added, referring to some 30 pounds (13.6 kilos) he has shed. Of the weather, Roddick said, according to ATP World Tour, ""That's the thing with rain delays. The momentum can shift really fast."" Federer, playing against Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis in the other Saturday semifinal, won handedly 6-4, 6-3. The five-time ATP World Tour No. 1 from Switzerland dropped only three points on first serve and attributed a more aggressive game, including rushes to the net, to his downtime since Wimbledon. ""After Wimbledon I had six weeks to work on a few things. On the hard courts it's nice to play forwards and not always be defensive and let the other guy dictate,"" ATP World Tour quoted Federer as saying. ""I'm happy that the hard work is paying off right away."" Baghdatis, now ranked 20th, on Friday upset world No. 1 Rafael Nadal for the first time in his career following six defeats to the Spaniard. Federer is seeking only his second title this year following January's Australian Open success."
"LEONE, American Samoa (CNN) -- Another earthquake struck Wednesday near the Samoan islands, an area already devastated by earthquake and tsunami damage which killed more than 130 people. A traditional Samoan fale is destroyed Wednesday in the devastated village of Leone. The 5.5-magnitude earthquake occurred at 6:13 p.m. Wednesday evening (1:13 a.m. Thursday ET), according to the U.S. Geological Survey. The quake's epicenter was 10 km (6 miles) deep in the Pacific Ocean about 121 miles (194 km) from the city of Apia, Samoa. The quake did not trigger a tsunami warning, according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center. It followed an 8.0-magnitude earthquake which hit the small cluster of Samoan islands early Tuesday triggering a tsunami. At least 139 people are confirmed dead as a consequence of Tuesday's quake and tsunami. They include 22 people killed in American Samoa, 110 in Samoa and seven in Tonga, according to officials on the islands. A huge emergency effort was continuing late Wednesday in the Samoan islands and officials warned that the death toll could rise as rescue workers start to reach outlying villages and discover new casualties. Watch the tsunami take over the street  . Survivors like Ropati Opa were trying to find ways to cope. The massive waves had destroyed his home, store and gas station in the village of Leone on the southwest coast of American Samoa. With tears in his eyes, he said ""I don't have a house. I don't have a car. I don't have money. I lost everything yesterday. But thank God I am alive."" iReport.com: Witness describes tsunami hitting land . U.S. President Barack Obama addressed the disaster at an event Wednesday in Washington. ""To aid in the response,"" he said, ""I've declared this a major disaster to speed the deployment of resources and FEMA ... is working closely with emergency responders on the ground, and the Coast Guard is working to provide immediate help to those in need. ""We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region, and we'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers,"" Obama said. Journalist Jeff DePonte contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- The search continued Tuesday for as many as 67 people missing after a boat carrying about 200 Haitians capsized, the U.S. Coast Guard said. The U.S. Coast Guard intercepted this crowded boat last week and repatriated its occupants to Haiti. The boat overturned Monday off Turks and Caicos, a British territory about 550 miles southeast of Miami, Florida. Searchers aboard boats and aircraft have rescued 118 passengers and found 15 bodies, said Petty Officer Jennifer Johnson, a Coast Guard spokeswoman, on Tuesday morning. The Coast Guard described the boat's occupants as migrants from Haiti. The overcrowded vessel was believed to have set sail from the Haitian port of Cap Haitien, the Turks and Caicos Sun newspaper reported. The search resumed at dawn Tuesday after being suspended because of darkness Monday night, Johnson said. The Coast Guard is contributing one boat, the 210-foot cutter Valiant, and three aircraft to the search, Johnson said. The aircraft are a Falcon jet out of Miami, an HH-60 helicopter and a slow-flying C-130 cargo plane out of Clearwater, Florida.  Watch Coast Guard rescue Haitians after boat capsizes  . ""If the weather and conditions are right, [the C-130] can fly really low,"" Johnson said. ""It makes a fantastic search aircraft."" Turks and Caicos authorities are using small boats in the search, she said. About 70 people were plucked Monday from a reef near the island group, authorities said. Four other bodies were found, though it was unclear which authorities located them. A nurse at Myrtle Rigby Hospital in the Turks and Caicos said that about 70 people were brought there, including four who had died. Five people were admitted to the hospital, and the others had minor injuries, the nurse said. The Coast Guard said it intercepted another ""grossly overloaded"" boat, with 124 Haitians aboard, late last week in the same region. Those migrants were returned to Cap Haitien on Monday. Overloaded vessels can quickly lose stability and capsize, sending migrants into the water, a Coast Guard release said. CNN's Jim Kavanagh and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report."
"Los Angeles (CNN)  -- My rosary-packing mom taught me not to say that four-letter word that begins with ""h,"" not talking about hell but hate. But she forbids lying, too, so I am going to be straight -- I HATE driving on the 405 Freeway. I avoid the 405 like poison oak, or wild-eyed people you randomly meet on story shoots who want you to pitch their product. The 405 is a time bandit, a concrete thief that steals hours as you take agonizing drives in awful traffic. Quakes, riots, Lohan and now this? l live in the San Fernando Valley, but the 405 is a mandatory evil for times when I must head to LAX for CNN trips or vacation. I tolerate the 405 by blasting the radio or stopping at Tito's Tacos in Culver City like it's some oasis. The only thing more horrendous than the 405 is the 405 in rush hour. The only thing more horrendous than the 405 in rush hour is the 405 in rush hour during an accident. The only thing worse than the 405 in rush hour during an accident is to throw in construction. 'Carmageddon' officially on in Los Angeles . The 405 defines relationships. A budding romance might wilt under pressure of having to drive or cross the 405 for a rendezvous. True friends will endure the 405's whims. The 405 tests commitment -- to work, athletic teams and even family. My relatives who are clustered up the 101 Freeway in Solvang and points beyond fortunately have zero reason to drive the 405 to get to my house, But to them, the 405 is a barrier they still must navigate in Encino, like the Alps, or the Straits of Magellan. During ""Carmageddon"" I will test whether it's faster to fly from Burbank to Long Beach via JetBlue or just drive it. I will win this contest because it takes time to board a plane, and I can mainly avoid the 405. I'll slip around and past it, using the almost as heinous Interstate 5 and the 710 to get to Long Beach. The 405 is almost completely out of range as I maneuver far away from its reach, as if I'm dodging English archers. But for all my abject hate for the 405, I want this billion-dollar HOV lane, improvement and overhaul to work. I am rooting for the pain to be eased by new lanes, bridges, on ramps, off ramps interchanges and attitude."
(CNN) -- World champion Sebastian Vettel has taken an early stranglehold on this year's championship after his second straight win in the Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang. Vettel won the season-opener in Austrlia and has now claimed fourth successive victories after two at the end of the 2010 season to clinch the title. Red Bull's Vettel led from start to finish to come home ahead of McLaren's Jenson Button with Nick Heidfeld giving Lotus Renault their second podium of the season. Formula One teams, drivers and circuits . The German has 50 points, 24 ahead of Button, with Lewis Hamilton and Mark Webber, who was fourth in Malaysia, four further points adrift. Hamilton, who had a difficult afternoon, crossed the line in seventh, but was relegated to eighth after being penalized for a coming together with Ferrari's Fernando Alonso. It lifted Sauber's Kamui Kobayashi into seventh, scoring points again for the second straight race. Force India's Paul di Resta secured his second straight 10th place finish on his F1 debut. Red Bull continue to lead the constructors' championship as they bid to repeat their success of last year. Drivers' standings after second F1 race of season in Malaysia: . 1. Sebastian Vettel Ger - Red Bull     50 points . 2. Jenson Button GB - McLaren         26 . 3= Lewis Hamilton GB - McLaren       22 . 3= Mark Webber Aus - Red Bull         22 . 5. Fernando Alonso Sp - Ferrari          20 . 6. Felipe Massa It - Ferrari                 16 . 7= Nick Heidfeld Ger -  Renault          15 . 7= Vitaly Petrov Rus - Renault           15 . 9. Kamui Kobayashi Jpn - Sauber        6 . 10. Sebastien Buemi - Sui STR Ferr     4 . Constructors' standings after round two: . 1. Red Bull     72 points . 2. McLaren     48 . 3. Ferrari        36 . 4. Renault       30 . 5. Sauber         6 . 6=STR Ferrari   4 . 6=.Force India    4 .
"London (CNN) -- The hijacking of a U.S.-bound oil tanker carrying 2 million barrels of crude on Wednesday marks what one shipping official calls ""significant shift in the impact of the piracy crisis,"" with major oil lines to the West under severe threat. Pirates seized the MV Irene SL, a Greek supertanker, in the afternoon -- marking the second such incident in two days. They occurred in the Arabian Sea and the Indian Ocean where hijacking have become commonplace in recent years. The European Union Naval Force said the Irene departed Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates and was destined for the Egyptian port of Suez in the North Arabian Sea when it was attacked. But the force doesn't always report the final destination. Joe Angelo, managing director of the trade association INTERTANKO, citing the owner, Enesel S.A., said the ship was ultimately headed for the U.S. gulf. ""The hijacking by pirates of 2 million barrels of Kuwaiti crude oil destined for the U.S. in a large Greek tanker in the middle of the main sea lanes coming from the Middle East Gulf marks a significant shift in the impact of the piracy crisis in the Indian Ocean,"" Angelo told CNN. ""If piracy in the Indian Ocean is left unabated, it will strangle these crucial shipping lanes with the potential to severely disrupt oil flows to the U.S. and to the rest of the world."" The Wednesday incident took place about 350 nautical miles southeast of the Omani city of Muscat in the North Arabian Sea. The crew consists of 17 Filipinos, seven Greeks, and a Georgian. A Greek Merchant Marine Ministry spokesman said the ship was carrying 266,000 tons of crude oil. There has been no communication with the ship, officials from Greece and the European Union Naval Force said. On Tuesday, the MV Savina Caylyn, an Italian-flagged oil tanker, was headed from Sudan to Malaysia when five people on a skiff launched a ""sustained attack"" on the tanker with small arms and rocket propelled grenades and then got on the ship. The naval force also said on Wednesday it received reports that the Golden Wave, a South Korean fishing vessel seized in October off the Kenyan coast, has been released from pirate control. The condition of the 43 crew members are not known, but the naval force says ""they are in need of food, water and medical aid."" CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- As Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama battle over who has the best approach to national security, a new CNN poll finds Americans' concerns about terrorism have hit an all-time low for the post-September 11 era. A poll finds fewer Americans fear an imminent terror attack than at any time since September 11, 2001. According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday, 35 percent of Americans believe a terrorist attack somewhere in the United States is likely over the next several weeks. The figure is the lowest in a CNN poll since the September 11, 2001, al Qaeda attacks, which killed nearly 3,000 people. Between 2002 and 2006, summertime polls typically showed that a majority of Americans believed that a terrorist attack was likely. Last summer, that figure dropped to 41 percent. This summer, it dropped another 6 percentage points. The latest CNN poll also indicates that the war in Iraq remains deeply unpopular. Three in 10 voters favor the war, while 68 percent oppose it. Similarly, a third of voters would like to see the next president keep the same number of troops in Iraq that are stationed there now.  See how the poll numbers stack up  . For McCain, who is seeking to highlight his national security credentials and has staunchly defended the U.S. presence in Iraq, the latest poll results may not be viewed in a positive light. ""Sen. McCain's greatest strength is in foreign policy, particularly his reputation as the candidate best able to fight the war on terror,"" said Keating Holland, CNN's polling director. ""As the threat of a terrorist attack continues to recede in the mind of the American voter, the state of the economy and other domestic issues are likely to become even more important. That would be good news for Sen. Obama, since the Democrats currently beat or tie the Republicans on every issue except terrorism."" Another potential problem for McCain may be found in President Bush's latest job approval ratings. According to the survey, 30 percent of Americans approve of how Bush is handling his job, while 68 percent disapprove of Bush's job performance. These numbers are roughly consistent with the president's approval ratings over most of the last two years. They also reinforce the need for the presumptive Republican nominee to create an impression of distance and distinction between himself and Bush. Democrats, on the other hand, are eager to tie McCain to the unpopular outgoing president and portray his possible election as the equivalent of a third Bush term. The poll, conducted Thursday through Sunday by phone, surveyed 1,026 adult Americans and carries a sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points."
"(CNN) -- Microsoft founder Bill Gates told CNN on Wednesday that he hopes President-elect Barack Obama and Congress immediately craft a wide-ranging stimulus package, to help jump-start the nation's sputtering economy, and double the United States' commitment to foreign aid. Microsoft founder Bill Gates spoke exclusively Wednesday with CNN's Wolf Blitzer. ""Clearly we need a stimulus that doesn't undermine the incentive for businesses to be careful about their spending and making those correct investments,"" Gates told CNN's Wolf Blitzer in an exclusive interview airing on The Situation Room on Wednesday and Thursday. Gates, one of the world's richest men and founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, is also calling on Obama to increase investments in the nation's education system and spur technological advances to improve agriculture, prevent disease, and promote economic growth in the world's poorest nations. ""The key point I'd make is that in addition to that stimulus, you've got to fund the kind of scientific work and educational investments that could really have us be a much better country as we emerge from the recession,"" he said.  Watch Gates discuss economy  . On his Web site, Obama has pledged to double the United States' annual investment in foreign aid to $50 billion by the end of his first term, with the goal of fully funding debt cancellation for poor nations and fighting AIDS and global poverty. In the interview with CNN, Gates said he thinks Obama will live up to that commitment. ""Obviously it's the Congress that gets to actually vote the final decision for how the money is spent, but I do think he will get to that commitment,"" Gates said. ""I am thrilled to be able to see that people are responding to the success stories. Aid from the United States did go up in the last eight years."" The interview came shortly before the Microsoft founder delivered a wide-ranging speech at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C., during which he reiterated his call for a major new stimulus package to spur job growth. ""Spending is the only way we'll ever come out of this downturn, and with businesses, state governments and consumers pulling back, the federal government must step forward,"" Gates told the crowd. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has distributed more than $17 billion in grant commitments in all 50 states and 100 countries. In his interview with CNN, Gates said he had personally given more than $30 billion to the foundation."
Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE, an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn, New York. VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by VICE, reflect a transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. Brooklyn, New York (VBS.TV) -- At the foot of Mount Fuji, in the Chubu region of Japan, a lush and expansive forest named Aokigahara sits dauntingly. Local residents are told from an early age to avoid it altogether, as its sheer volume leaves little question that a curious youngster will be unable to find his or her way out of thickets that have become synonymous with a dark mythology. Though the area has served as a respite for the peaceful elderly suicides of yore, today it has devolved into the country's ultimate destination of despondent citizens suffering under the pressures of Japan's notoriously driven and achievement-based culture. Aokigahara is now the site of 50 to 100 suicides each year. Earlier this year, VBS contacted Azusa Hayono, a geologist who for more than 30 years has patrolled Aokigahara studying the land, serving as an environmental conservationist and stumbling upon the not infrequent dead body. A sweet, conscientious and demure man, it is strange to consider the amount of solitary carnage he has encountered. He's come to act as a sort of counselor to the many people he finds contemplating death along Aokigahara's pathways. See the rest of Aokigahara Suicide Forest at VBS.TV . As he led us into Aokigahara, so creepily scored with the echo of birds and crackling brush, the idea that Azusa was sane at all seemed almost impossible. That we'd find a dead body, to us at least, was entirely possible -- so much so that when we did in fact stumble on what Azusa judged as a suicide from at least a year before, and were left staring at the decomposed corpse, we were shocked it hadn't happened sooner. Over the course of our time with Azusa, this eerie side of Japanese culture came into clearer focus. He explained to us the numerous ways its citizenry is called on to excel -- and how the subsequent feelings of inadequacy mislead and often overwhelm. It paints a sweeping and telling portrait that a sole stretch of forest, born centuries before in the wake of a volcanic eruption, could come to represent to so many the only way of escaping the ways and pressures and apparent failures of an entire nation.
"Belfast, Northern Ireland (CNN) -- Northern Ireland's water supply is in a ""precarious position"" after several major water pipes burst, allowing 10 million liters of water to drain from Belfast reservoirs each day, the Northern Ireland Water interim chairman said Friday. The state-funded water company's response to the ""unprecedented situation"" was ""unacceptable,"" Padraic White said. Tens of thousands of homes and businesses have lost their supply after frozen pipes burst in a rapid thaw that followed record low temperatures last week. Many customers have been without running water since Monday, but some say they haven't had supplies for 10 days. Pipes at the country's top hospital, the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast, were among those that failed, White said. Water service might not be fully restored until the middle of next week, but even then hundreds of rural homes could still be without water, he said. The water company's emergency call center was not prepared to handle ""a disaster of this magnitude,"" but communication with customers will be improved, White said. He recommended a full investigation into the company's problems. Northern Ireland Water has been heavily criticized for its response to the crisis, with some politicians calling for top officials to resign. Chairman White said company executives were not considering resignations, since their focus at the moment is restoring water service. The company said Friday that there had been an improvement in the situation in the past 24 hours and that the number of customers without water was down to around 5,000. It added, however, that as many as 24,000 customers could experience intermittent disruption to supplies as repairs continue. Northern Ireland Water has blamed the problems on a rapid thaw, with a huge number of pipes bursting after a dramatic change in temperature -- from minus-16 to 10 degrees Celsius (3 to 50 degrees Fahrenheit) ""within a matter of hours."" Company officials have also complained about a lack of investment in the water infrastructure over the years. The Republic of Ireland has also experienced problems with its water supplies. The government said Thursday night that most parts of the country would see a resumption of service within two days, but restrictions in the capital, Dublin, were expected to remain in place until January 10."
"(WIRED) -- The U.S. Marine Corps has banned Twitter, Facebook, MySpace and other social media sites from its networks, effective immediately. The Marine Corps fears that social media sites such as Facebook could pose a security risk. ""These internet sites in general are a proven haven for malicious actors and content and are particularly high risk due to information exposure, user generated content and targeting by adversaries,"" reads a Marine Corps order, issued Monday. ""The very nature of SNS [social network sites] creates a larger attack and exploitation window, exposes unnecessary information to adversaries and provides an easy conduit for information leakage that puts OPSEC [operational security], COMSEC [communications security], [and] personnel... at an elevated risk of compromise."" The Marines' ban will last a year. It was drawn up in response to a late July warning from U.S. Strategic Command, which told the rest of the military it was considering a Defense Department-wide ban on the Web 2.0 sites, due to network security concerns. Scams, worms, and Trojans often spread unchecked throughout social media sites, passed along from one online friend to the next. ""The mechanisms for social networking were never designed for security and filtering. They make it way too easy for people with bad intentions to push malicious code to unsuspecting users,"" a Stratcom source told Wired.com. Yet many within the Pentagon's highest ranks find value in the Web 2.0 tools. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has 4,000 followers on Twitter. The Department of Defense is getting ready to unveil a new home page, packed with social media tools. The Army recently ordered all U.S. bases to provide access to Facebook. Top generals now blog from the battlefield. ""OPSEC is paramount. We will have procedures in place to deal with that,"" Price Floyd, the Pentagon's newly-appointed social media czar, said. ""What we can't do is let security concerns trump doing business. We have to do business... We need to be everywhere men and women in uniform are and the public is. If that's MySpace and YouTube, that's where we need to be, too,"" Floyd said. The Marines say they will issue waivers to the Web 2.0 blockade, if a ""mission critical need"" can be proven. And they will continue to allow access to the military's internal ""SNS-like services."" But for most members of the Corps, access to the real, public social networks is now shut off for the next year. Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here! Copyright 2009 Wired.com."
"NEW YORK (CNN)  -- President Obama mixed policy discussion with personal reflections on his daughters and, yes, a few jokes in an appearance on CBS' ""Late Show With David Letterman."" President Obama jokes with David Letterman in New York in an interview taped Monday afternoon. It was the first time a sitting president has been a guest on the popular late-night entertainment show, according to the CBS Web site. It was taped Monday afternoon. After taking the stage to a huge ovation, Obama teased Letterman about being surprised to see the event on his daily schedule, saying: ""That's one of those where you ask your advisers, 'Who's responsible for this?' "" Later, when talking about summer activities of daughters Malia, 11, and Sasha, 8, Obama said that they ""goofed off,"" which he added was something he couldn't do. Letterman quickly quipped: ""Well, others have,"" prompting a big laugh from both the audience and the president. On topical issues, Obama promised to ask ""tough questions"" before deciding whether to send additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan, saying it was necessary to have a clear strategy in place before deploying resources.  Watch Obama talk with Letterman  . He said his ""No. 1 job"" is to make sure the terrorists responsible for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks can never harm the United States again. Asked about the economy, Obama called the $787 billion economic stimulus package passed in his first month in office a ""tourniquet"" that prevented the recession from getting worse. Complete economic recovery will take time, he warned, but added that the situation appeared to be getting better. On the hostile debate over his push to overhaul the nation's health care system, Obama disagreed with the analysis by some that the public anger against him is fueled by racism. He drew a big laugh by pointing out he was black before he became president, then noted that his election by the American public ""tells you ... a lot about where the country is at."" ""I think that what's happened is that whenever a president tries to bring about significant changes, particularly during times of economic unease, then there is a certain segment of the population that gets very riled up,"" Obama said. Previous presidents including Franklin Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan also generated emotional opposition, Obama said. ""This is not untypical,"" he said. ""One of the things you sign up for in politics is, folks yell at you."""
"(CNN) -- The U.N.'s forest carbon scheme which has formed part of the negotiations at the climate talks in Copenhagen has been one of the few areas where countries are broadly in agreement. The U.N.'s REDD (Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries) program is a collaboration between the U.N.'s Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) and Environmental (UNEP) and Development (UNDP) programs. Yemi Katerere, head of the U.N.-REDD program explained to CNN how the REDD program proposals would work. ""In theory REDD is a system to provide incentives for countries not to cut their forests,"" Katerere said. ""The incentive system is essentially that your trees are worth more standing than they are cut. You get a reward for not cutting your forests."" The idea is straightforward; If the function of rainforests -- capturing carbon, water catchment, weather regulators and biodiversity -- is recognized their value will rise. The destruction of the world's rainforests is estimated to contribute to as much as 20 percent of total greenhouse gas emissions. REDD envisages a situation whereby ""different services can be marketed and paid for, boosting the incomes of other wise marginalized communities"". Many pilot schemes are already underway. Back in 1997 when the Kyoto Protocol was adopted, the part rainforests play in carbon storage wasn't recognized. Proposals to reduce emissions from deforestation were first introduced by the governments of Papua New Guinea in December 2005 at the COP11 talks in Canada. Talks at Copenhagen are hoping to build on the progress made since. REDD say that more than 30 models of how the program should work have been put forward by countries, groups of countries and NGOs. Katerere wouldn't be drawn on the outcome of negotiations at Copenhagen when CNN spoke to him on Thursday. Critics of the REDD program argue that it allows richer countries to meet -- to buy essentially -- some of their emissions obligations without cutting them at all. Others argue trying to measure what is being preserved and how much carbon is being stored will prove incredibly hard to quantify. But Katerere said an imperfect program which can be improved is better than none at all. ""We should stop focusing on the negatives issues of REDD and start looking at the positives. In the short term, REDD offers use the greatest mitigation potential at an affordable price and is the most cost effective."""
"New York (CNN) -- A 10-year-old boy escaped out of the window of a sinking minivan after his mother drove the vehicle with her three other children into the Hudson River, some 60 miles north of New York City, authorities said. Lashaun Armstrong swam to shore Tuesday night and was picked up by a passer-by and brought to a nearby fire station in Newburgh, New York, said Fire Chief Michael Vatter. Soaking wet and suffering from a mild case of hypothermia, Armstrong then told fire officials his mother had driven the vehicle into the river. Police divers later discovered the bodies of Lashanda Armstrong, 25, an 11-month-old girl, a 2-year-old boy and a 5-year-old boy some 25 yards off shore. A police investigation into the incident suggests that the mother intentionally drove the vehicle into the water, according to Newburgh Police Chief Michael Ferrara. Responders, using dive teams and a circling helicopter, found the van after an hourlong search submerged in eight feet of murky water, according to Vatter. Before the incident, a relative called police reporting a ""domestic disturbance"" that police say may have involved Armstrong's husband, Jean Pierre. That belief is based on a phone call the relative received in which they said they heard ""tussling in the background,"" noting a history of domestic problems, police said in a statement Wednesday. Police declined to identify the relative. An autopsy on the four bodies is scheduled for Wednesday. Newburgh Mayor Nicholas Valentine said the incident is certain to have ""a lasting effect on this city."" City resident and neighbor Christine Santos said she ""would never have imagined (Lashanda) to do this to her kids."" ""To them little babies. I would have never have imagined. I'm in shock,"" she added. Other neighbors described her surviving son, Lashaun, as responsible. ""He was the type of kid that was responsible for his little ones,"" said resident Carmen Davila. But the traumatic effects of Tuesday's incident could have long-term effects on the boy, analysts say. ""He has this major traumatic event and loss and that can be manifested in many ways,"" said Dr. Louis Baptista, director of Columbia University's Clinical Services for Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. He warned of ""aggressive behavior, through violence, through depression, through depressive symptoms and that can be quite severe and quite impairing in a child his age."" CNN's Deb Feyerick and Sheila Steffen contributed to this report ."
"Washington (CNN)  -- Desiree Rogers, the White House social secretary, plans to step down, the Obama administration announced Friday. Her office came under scrutiny after a couple who lacked an invitation were allowed into President Obama's first state dinner. ""We are enormously grateful to Desiree Rogers for the terrific job she's done as the White House social secretary,"" the president and first lady said in a statement released Friday. In an interview on Friday, Rogers said she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. ""It has nothing to do with that,"" she said. ""It's Secret Service's job to handle security. Not the social secretary's office."" The Obamas' statement did not mention November's party-crashing incident . ""When she took this position, we asked Desiree to help make sure that the White House truly is the people's house, and she did that by welcoming scores of everyday Americans through its doors, from wounded warriors to local schoolchildren to NASCAR drivers. ""She organized hundreds of fun and creative events during her time here, and we will miss her. We thank her again for her service and wish her all the best in her future endeavors."" Rogers said in an e-mail to CNN on Friday, ""It has been incredible setting the foundation for the [White House] for this historical presidency. Headed back to private sector."" ""I accomplished initially what I came to do,"" Rogers said later. ""I like strategy. I like building something. It's built... the foundation of the [social secretary's] office is good and solid."" Rogers would not say where she'll be working. She said she'll be ""around to work on the transition"" to a new social secretary at the White House. She summed up her experiences at the White House in another note: ""330 events. Halloween for 3,000. Easter egg roll for 30,000. Music series with performances and the performers teaching the students during the day. Latin, jazz, country, civil rights. "" In December, the White House was accused of stonewalling as Congress investigated the party-crasher security breach at Obama's first state dinner. At issue was whether the White House was protecting Rogers from testifying about how Tareq and Michaele Salahi were able to crash the first White House state dinner. The couple did not have an invite but were allowed in. Rogers' office planned the dinner. At the time, Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan said his agency would take the heat for the incident. ""This is our fault and our fault alone,"" he told federal lawmakers. ""There's no other people to blame here. ... Look at me and blame me,"" he told members of the House Homeland Security Committee. CNN's Ed Henry, Suzanne Malveaux and John King contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- A decorated flight nurse who had been dismissed under the ""don't ask, don't tell"" military policy, will be reinstated with the U.S. Air Force, the American Civil Liberties Union of Washington  announced Tuesday. The ACLU of Washington represented Maj. Margaret Witt in a four-year-long lawsuit seeking her reinstatement. In September, the U.S. District Court for Western Washington ordered the  Air Force to reinstate Witt. The court found that Witt's sexual  orientation does not negatively impact unit morale or cohesion. On  Tuesday, the Justice Department filed an appeal of that ruling, but it is not  seeking a stay of the order to reinstate Witt, clearing the way for her to rejoin the service. ""I am thrilled to be able to serve in the Air Force again,"" Witt said in statement released Tuesday. ""The men and women in the unit are like family members to me, and I've been waiting a long time to rejoin them."" There was no immediate Justice Department response Tuesday to a CNN request for comment. The case is one of a number of challenges to the 1993 policy that prevents gay men and lesbians from openly serving in the military and  bars officials from inquiring into a service member's sexuality. Legislation that would repeal the ""don't ask, don't tell"" policy has passed the House and is expected to be voted on the Senate in coming weeks. In the summer of 2004, Witt was notified that the Air Force had begun an investigation into an allegation that she had engaged in homosexual conduct. She was placed on unpaid leave and told she could not participate in military duties, pending formal separation proceedings. In 2006 she was discharged on grounds of homosexual conduct. In 2008, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Air Force must prove that Witt's discharge was necessary for purposes of military readiness. The ruling sent the case back to the trial court. saying that before discharging a soldier under the ""don't ask, don't tell"" policy, the military must prove that the individual's conduct hurts morale and unit cohesion. The requirement is now known as the ""Witt Standard."" In September, Air Force spokesman Lt. Col. Todd Vician said the Air Force believed that ""Maj. Witt's discharge was fully consistent with the law and thus appropriate."" During her 19-year career in the Air Force, Witt served in the Persian Gulf."
"(CNN) -- The death of Hannover 96 and Germany goalkeeper Robert Enke from an apparent suicide has stunned the football world. The German media reaction to the death of a man many tipped to represent the country at the 2010 World Cup, has been one of shock. Berlin based newspaper Der Tagesspiegel reported ""Robert Enke is dead."" Despite his absence from the German squad for the upcoming friendlies, they wrote manager Joachim Lw had ""clearly signaled that he would continue to be favourite for the number one spot in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa."" ""He threw himself before the train"" was the headline in the Hamburger Morgenpost, the newspaper going onto recall the death of his two-year-old daughter Lara in 2006. ""This difficult time greatly influenced Robert Enke."" They added that he and his wife had adopted a two-month-old girl earlier this year and Enke had been ""shining with happiness, confidence written on his face."" Der Bild said it had been revealed ""Enke wrote a departure letter."" ""Goalkeeper Robert Enke is dead. On November 10 at 18.17 the 32-year-old threw himself under a train. ""Now the police have confiemd: Enke wrote a farewell letter. Thus there is no doubt a sucicide of the player."" Sddeutsche Zeitung was in agreement, writing ""Enke leaves suicide note."" The Munich paper also wrote of the shock of the ""colleagues and fans who appreciated him very much. ""But Robert Enke had many setbacks in his career to cope with of a private and professional nature."" The football world has also been quick to express their condolences too. Barcelona, who Enke played for between 2002 and 2004 wrote on their official Web site: . ""The club deeply regrets his death and would like to pass on their sympathies to his current club and his family."" Enke enjoyed a more successful spell at Benfica, making his reputation before the Barca move. Chairman Lus Filipe Vieira said: ""Nobody is ever prepared to face the loss of someone with whom they have lived together and enjoyed good memories. ""When a tragedy reaches someone with the age of Robert Enke the frustration is still bigger."" Enke's former team-mate Nuno Gomes added: ""I remember how he was just a young kid when he came here but, from day one, he made a great effort to learn our language and did it very quickly. ""He was a young kid with a huge desire to reach his goals and learn, a man with a capital M."""
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- Humza Ismail hasn't spent much time in Raleigh, North Carolina, since he started graduate school two years ago. But when he heard two former acquaintances were arrested on terrorism charges this week, he says, ""Honestly, I wasn't surprised."" Omar Aly Hassan, left, and Ziyad Yaghi were clear on where they stood on terrorism, an acquaintance said. Omar Aly Hassan, Ziyad Yaghi and five others are charged with conspiring to commit violent jihad overseas. An eighth suspect is still being sought, authorities have said. When he lived in Raleigh, Ismail worshipped at the same mosque as Hassan and Yaghi. When groups of young men talked there, Ismail says, the conversation often turned to religion and politics, and Hassan and Yaghi made it clear where they stood. ""When it came to something like suicide bombing, they would say, 'If it's a benefit for the Muslims then something like that can be permissible,' "" Ismail says. ""I could tell it was something they wanted to do."" But, he adds, ""They never indicated or said 'we are going to make jihad overseas.'"" Ismail says the duo spoke in glowing terms about Osama bin Laden, calling him a scholar and a mujahedeen. ""You could tell they were being influenced by somebody,"" Ismail says. He does not know by whom. He feels they were susceptible to a message of violence ""because it sounded cool and exciting."" Ismail says he strenuously disagreed with Yaghi and Hassan's views on terrorism even, he says, getting into a public shouting match with them at a restaurant. He says he told them, ""You can't do this, man. You can't say it is OK. ""That is corruption and terrorism and that is not permissible in Islam."" Ismail says he and others raised concerns about Hassan and Yaghi to officials at the Islamic Center of Raleigh, but were ""overlooked."" ""I did my part,"" Ismail says. Imran Aukhil, a spokesman for the Islamic Center of Raleigh, told CNN on Thursday that he had no information about complaints concerning Hassan and Yaghi. On Saturday, however, he informed CNN that he had researched the matter and learned there was a complaint several years ago against an individual at the mosque. Aukhil said he did not have the name of that person. ""It was reported to the FBI,"" said Aukhil. ""The FBI did take note of it in their investigation."" Efforts to reach attorneys representing Hassan and Yaghi were unsuccessful."
"(CNN)  -- Authorities searched a church near where an 8-year-old California girl was found dead Monday in the hopes of finding clues that would lead to her killer. Mourners leave condolences for Sandra Cantu, who was found dead on April 6 in Tracy, California. The body of Sandra Cantu of Tracy, California, was found stuffed into a suitcase in a dairy-farm pond. Cantu had been missing since March 27. Tracy police Sgt. Tony Sheneman told CNN's Nancy Grace he would not elaborate on what evidence led them to Clover Road Baptist Church. He would say only that detectives developed probable cause that persuaded a judge to sign a search warrant. Lane Lawless, the church's pastor, told CNN affiliate KCRA he was questioned for about three hours by police, adding that he had nothing to do with Cantu's disappearance or death. ""We have fully cooperated with the police,"" Lawless told KCRA. ""We have answered all their questions."" Authorities also searched the mobile home park Tuesday where the girl lived.  Watch report on murder investigation  . ""Investigators are looking at additional information they received since yesterday (Monday) and, hopefully, that will lead us to Sandra's killers,"" Sheneman said. Asked if his use of the plural meant police were looking for more than one person, Sheneman responded, ""We have no specific suspects.""  Watch Sheneman say there has not been an arrest in the case  . Sheneman also implied the killer likely was familiar with the location where the body was found. He said he himself was unfamiliar with the location where the girl's body was found, despite having lived in the community for nearly 12 years. ""Someone would have to be familiar with that area to know to go there,"" he said.  Watch how the suitcase was found  . Sheneman said police had no one in custody, despite having interviewed hundreds of people regarding the case. ""Everyone that we speak to right now is being considered a person of interest,"" he said. ""We're not eliminating anyone."" The autopsy was being conducted Tuesday, but it was not clear when the report would be available. ""It's going to be some time before we hear from the coroner,"" Sheneman said. ""I can't tell you when that's going to be."" More than 10 search warrants have been executed as part of the investigation and ""a lot"" of evidence has been recovered, Sheneman said. The day Cantu was last reported seen, she returned home from school, kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives nearby. A short time later, wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings, she left to go to another friend's home, according to a family spokeswoman. Police said Monday the girl's clothing helped them identify the body."
"(CNN) -- Rafael Nadal survived a scare in his opening round match against John Isner at the French Open on Tuesday as the big-serving American took the five-time champion to five sets. The World No.1 eventually prevailed against marathon man Isner 6-4 6-7 (2-7) 6-7 (2-7) 6-2 6-4 in just over four hours to set up a second round match with compatriot Pablo Andujar. Nadal started the match in typically dominant fashion breaking Isner in the seventh game of the opening set, before serving out to take a one-set lead. But Isner -- who won the 11-hour epic against Nicolas Mahut at Wimbledon last year -- wasn't about to give up and promptly raised his game. The six-foot-nine American -- ranked 39 in the world -- took both the second and third sets on the tiebreak raising the prospect of handing Nadal only his second defeat at Roland Garros and causing one of the biggest upsets in years. But the Spaniard immediately mounted a comeback gaining an early break in the fourth before closing out the set 6-2. Nadal secured another eary break in the fifth set but Isner didn't crumble and pushed his opponent all the way. But Nadal's persistence was rewarded as he took the final set 6-4. ""It's always a very, very close match against John because you play under pressure all the time and at moments in the tie-breaks. I didn't play very well, I was too nervous,"" Nadal said in an on-court interview after the match. Clijsters wins on Paris return . In other matches, fourth seed Andy Murray eased into the second round beating French qualifier Eric Prodon in straight sets 6-4 6-1 6-3. The Briton will play Italy's Simone Bolelli in his next match. Fifth seed and 2009 runner-up Robin Soderling needed four sets to beat American Ryan Harrison. The Swede's 6-1 6-7 (5-7) 6-3 7-5 victory means he will play Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas. Austria's Jurgen Melzer, a losing semi-finalist last year, beat Germany's Andreas Beck 6-3 6-4 6-2. But 11th-seed Nicolas Almagro of Spain is out after losing in five sets 3-6 2-6 7-6 (7-3) 7-6 (7-5) 6-4 to the Polish qualifier Lukasz Kubot."
"NEW YORK (CNN)  -- After huffing and puffing up 354 steps to the newly reopened Lady Liberty crown, Aaron Weisinger figured it was time to pop the question to his girlfriend, Erica Breder. Aaron Weisinger proposes to Erica Breder on July Fourth inside the crown of the Statue of Liberty. ""The Fourth of July has always been a favorite holiday, so that was part of it, "" Weisinger said. The couple flew to New York from San Francisco, California, after managing to be among the first 240 people to snag the tickets to the Statue of Liberty crown for its reopening after September 11, 2001. Weisinger got down on one knee inside the narrow, 8-foot-long deck inside the Statue of Liberty's crown, asked Breder to be his wife and offered her a sizeable diamond ring. ""I believe I was silent for several minutes. I was so excited,"" Breder said. Then she said ""yes."" Both said their families came to the United States via Ellis Island. ""My great-grandparents immigrated [from Russia and Hungary],"" Weisinger said. His fiance's relatives arrived from Hungary. ""The thoughts behind the statue and freedom and liberty allowed our parents and great-grandparents before us to have the wonderful lives that we do,"" Weisinger added. Breder said she was thrilled to make the long climb up a steep spiral staircase to stand inside Lady Liberty's crown. ""It was fantastic, much smaller than we had anticipated. The view's fantastic,"" the newly engaged Breder said. New safety measures include double handrails, glass stairwell partitions and careful crowd control, according to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar. Now, only three groups of 10 visitors per hour are guided up to the crown by a National Park Service ranger. That means only about 87,000 will be able to visit each year. In the past, it took visitors at least an hour and a half to climb from the base to the crown. Now, it takes only about 15 to 20 minutes. A new engineering study showed that there had to be changes to make it easier to exit the crowded staircase. Crown tickets can now be reserved online up to a year in advance, but the statue will close again in two years for additional renovations."
"(CNN)  -- Several large circus tents previously used by Cirque du Soleil are on their way to Haiti to be used as a temporary headquarters for the Port-au-Prince government, according to the man donating them. The self-contained tents would replace government buildings destroyed a month ago by the devastating earthquake that killed at least 200,000 people, Nevada real estate developer Tom Schrade said Thursday. An urgent effort is under way to provide shelter for in Haiti, ahead of the rainy season expected to hit the island nation at the end of March. Much of the government is operating in small tents or cramped quarters in buildings that survived the January 12 earthquake. Schrade, who bought the tents after Cirque du Soleil retired them, said his wife got the idea to donate them while they were watching coverage of Haiti relief efforts. ""It seemed like a good thing to do,"" Schrade said. The tents have 33,000 square feet of interior floor space, including heating and air conditioning systems, interior and exterior lighting, toilets and 900 padded chairs, Schrade said. Thirteen steel shipping containers hold the 400,000 pounds of cargo, he said. ""Even the shipping containers can serve as apartments,"" Schrade said. After an aide to the Port-au-Prince mayor confirmed the government would welcome the tents, Schrade said he called Barron Hilton -- the son of Hilton hotel founder Conrad Hilton -- for help in getting them from storage in Reno, Nevada, to Haiti. The Conrad Hilton Foundation, already involved in Haiti relief projects, agreed to finance the shipment, he said. Gregory Anderson, the international project manager for the Hilton Foundation, confirmed its participation. The William J. Clinton Foundation -- the former U.S. president's nonprofit group -- will coordinate getting the big tents to Port-au-Prince, he said. Full coverage of the earthquake's aftermath . A convoy of tractor-trailer trucks left Reno Monday night with the tents bound for the port of Miami, Florida, he said. They'll be loaded onto a ship chartered by the Clinton Foundation next week for the voyage to Port-au-Prince, he said. Technicians hired by Schrade will travel there to supervise the set up, he said. iReport: Looking for loved ones in Haiti . The tents, which initially cost about $5 million, were first used by Cirque du Soleil at the Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas a decade ago. They also spent time at a Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, theme park before Schrade bought them with the idea of using them at a Reno hotel, he said. The economic downturn derailed Schrade's plan to use the tents at a hotel in Reno, he said. Cirque du Soleil is a Canadian-based traveling circus based on street performance art."
"(CNN) -- The worst secret in boxing is out of the bag: ""Sugar"" Shane Mosley is the most likely opponent for Manny Pacquiao's next fight. The 39-year-old American boxer used Twitter to announce that discussions between the two camps are at an advanced stage, with confirmation expected in the next 24 hours. ""Just excited about the fight with Pac [Manny Pacquiao]. I know you're going to be there,"" he tweeted to former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis on the social networking website. ""The ink hasn't dried yet but it's pretty much a go."" Speculation has mounted over who would fight the Filipino eight-division world title-holder on May 7 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, with Juan Manuel Marquez mooted as another possible opponent. Mayweather fight will define Pacquiao's career . But in a subsequent interview with the Los Angeles Times, Mosley confirmed that he would meet with Pacquiao's representatives on Tuesday to finalize a deal. ""We've already discussed the fight about three to four weeks ago, so now we'll go over it again,"" said Mosley. ""Both sides just need to commit to what we've talked about and then I think we're done."" Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach had earlier ruled out Marquez while, at the same time, insisting on an important caveat if Mosley was indeed chosen. ""[Mosley] won't be an easy fight for Manny,"" Roach told assembled reporters in the Philippines, where he was celebrating Pacquiao's 32nd birthday. ""He can punch with either hand. But if the fight pushes through, I'll insist on a drug test. He's been known to take steroids and it shows in his body."" Marquez calls out Pacquiao for rematch . Roach was referring to a 2003 U.S. grand jury submission by Mosley where he admitted using EPO, a performance enhancing drug, as he prepared to fight  Oscar De La Hoya. But Mosley never tested positive, and denied knowing what it was or that it was illegal. ""I'm disappointed that this is coming out again, four years after I've been to the grand jury and gave my truthful testimony,"" Mosley said in a 2008 statement, issued after the allegations first came to light. ""I even took a lie-detector test back then to let everyone know that I wasn't trying to be an unfair fighter."" But it looks like Mosley will now have a chance to fight arguably the best pound-for-pound boxer in the sport to prove his detractors wrong."
"(CNN) -- A Corpus Christi, Texas, hospital is investigating how up to 17 babies in a neonatal intensive care unit received overdoses of the blood thinner heparin. One of the babies died. Officials at Christus Spohn Hospital South say corrective action was taken after the discovery of the overdoses. The infant was one of 17 who may have received a more concentrated form of heparin than was prescribed, Christus Spohn Hospital South said in a statement. Heparin is an anticoagulant often used to clean the IVs of patients and prevent blood clots from forming in the lines. It came into the public spotlight last year when newborn twins of actor Dennis Quaid nearly died after receiving an overdose at a Los Angeles hospital. Nursing staff at the Corpus Christi hospital discovered the problem Sunday -- two days after the medication is believed to have been first administered, according to Bruce Holstien, president and CEO of Christus Spohn Health System. The hospital said it took corrective measures after the discovery. A preliminary investigation concluded that ""the medication error occurred during the mixing process within the hospital pharmacy,"" Holstein said in a statement. The baby who died ""was seriously ill, and we do not know at this time what role, if any, the higher than expected concentration of heparin played in this baby's death,"" Dr. Richard Davis, chief medical officer for the health system, said Tuesday. ""Our deepest sympathy goes out to this family,"" he said. Twelve of the 16 other babies remain in stable condition in the neonatal intensive care unit, which cares for ill newborns. Three have been discharged, and one is critical and unstable as that baby has been since admission to the unit, Davis said. In November, Quaid's 12-day-old twins, Thomas Boone and Zoe Grace, were undergoing intravenous antibiotic treatment for a staph infection at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. According to standard procedure, nurses were supposed to clean the infants' IV lines with Hep-Lock, a drug containing a small dose of heparin, to allow the lines to flow freely. However, instead of the 10 units of heparin they were supposed to receive, the twins received 10,000 units -- 1,000 times the prescribed amount. The babies survived, apparently with no permanent injury, Quaid later told members of a House committee on government oversight, although there is no way to know whether they will show any long-term effects."
By . Alex Gore . PUBLISHED: . 11:27 EST, 26 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:33 EST, 26 March 2013 . A proud giraffe has been standing tall following the arrival of her newborn calf at a zoo in Germany. The offspring measures around six feet tall and was born at Dortmund Zoo this week to the delight of its mother, her keepers and members of the public. Its mother Gambela has been lavishing the newborn with plenty of attention inside their enclosure ever since. Newborn: A proud giraffe has been standing tall following the arrival of her newborn calf at a zoo in Germany . Having a giraffe: The offspring measures around six feet tall and was born at Dortmund Zoo this week . What's in a name? The calf is still to be named and keepers are searching for a lucky visitor who will pick it . But the calf is still to be named, with keepers searching for a lucky visitor to become its godfather or godmother and have the honour of picking it. Zoo staff are insisting, however, that its name will start with a 'Z' and have placed Zuli, Zikomo and Zebenjo on the shortlist. The gestation period for giraffes lasts around 15 months and calves spend up to 12 weeks reliant on their mother's milk. They weigh around 15 stone at birth and grow very quickly, with most calves nearly doubling in height in the first year alone. Growth spurt: Giraffe calves weigh around 15 stone and nearly double in height in their first year alone . Shortlist: Zoo keepers want the newborn's name to start with a 'Z', such as Zuli, Zikomo or Zebenjo . It follows the birth of a rare giraffe listed as an endangered subspecies in the United States. Petal, a six-year-old Rothschild giraffe, gave birth to a female calf on Friday at a conservation centre in Connecticut. Founder and director of the LEO Zoological Conservation Center, Marcella Leone, watched the birth alongside staff and a group of other giraffes. When fully grown, the newborn, who will mingle with a group of five giraffes, which includes two pregnant giraffes, could reach 18 feet in height. Rare: A giraffe listed as an endangered subspecies has also been born at a conservation centre in Connecticut . Staff had double cause for celebration because the calf is the first born at the off-exhibit centre. Rothschild giraffes were named and described by Lord Walter Rothschild, a British zoologist, after an expedition to East Africa in the early 1900s. It is one of the most endangered giraffe subspecies, with only a few hundred left in the wild. The subspecies is also known as the Baringo giraffe, after the Lake Baringo area of Kenya, or the Ugandan giraffe.
"Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A tell-all book by a former ""Girls Gone Wild"" photographer alleges that Paris Hilton once smuggled illegal drugs into Europe using a cigarette box hidden inside her body. Hilton's representative did not comment on the book's allegation when contacted by CNN Wednesday. A copy of ""Flash! Bars, Boobs and Busted -- 5 years on the Road with Girls Gone Wild"" was filed as an exhibit in the publisher's response to a lawsuit aimed at stopping its sale on Tuesday. The lawsuit described the ""Girls Gone Wild"" video series as ""filming real college coeds reveling in spring break."" The video series' founder, Joe Francis, filed suit in Los Angeles Superior Court in July accusing his former employee, Ryan Simkins, of violating confidentiality agreements with the book. ""Simkins agreed orally and in writing not to disclose confidential information or speak publicly in a manner that could harm the reputation of Mr. Francis or the Girls Gone Wild enterprise,"" his suit said. Simkin's legal response contended he was not bound by any confidentiality agreement. ""To the extent the parties previously may have agreed that the defendant would not write about plaintiffs, that agreement was waived by plaintiffs,"" the response said. The book became available online Tuesday despite the lawsuit, according to the publisher's lawyer. Publisher 4th Street Media, named as a co-defendant, submitted the book as an exhibit in a court filing on Tuesday. An excerpt of the filing obtained by CNN described a purported encounter between Simkins and Hilton, who was naked in her dressing room during a photo shoot in Los Angeles. Hilton was about to fly to Europe to meet Francis, whom she was dating at the time, he wrote. Simkins wrote that he was delivering a Camel cigarette package filled with cocaine and Ecstasy to Hilton at the request of Francis: . ""I took out the Camel box and handed it to her, and she thanked me. We talked for a minute or two about the apparent difficulty of procuring those drugs in Europe. I asked if she was flying private, and she said, 'No, commercial.' And then as politely as I could, I asked her how she planned on traveling with that amount of blow and X. ""She held the box in her right hand, and then with an underhand swoop like a lower case J, she demonstrated exactly how she intended to beat airport security. She even whistled as she did it."" He then describes how she placed the box between her legs and into her body. Hilton was arrested in Las Vegas, Nevada, on a cocaine possession charge last month."
"Editor's note: The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice, an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn, New York.VBS.TV is Vice's broadband television network. The reports, which are produced solely by Vice, reflect a very transparent approach to journalism, where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process. We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers. Brooklyn, New York (VBS.TV) -- Canadian photographer Donald Weber has been documenting the long-term effects of the Chernobyl meltdown since 2005. Originally an architect, Weber came to photography as a freelancer for the international press. After years of drifting through the post-Soviet landscape, shooting from the perspective of the skytalets (a traditional Russian wanderer), Weber has seen the reality of the area with an intimacy few outsiders have been granted. Following the earthquake and tsunami that struck the northeast coast of Japan in March, Weber watched as the damaged Fukushima power plant quickly threw the country into nuclear panic. What was once seen as an isolated and frankly unrepeatable incident, Chernobyl has found a twin in Fukushima. On April 11, the Fukushima nuclear crisis was upgraded from a 5 to a 7 on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale, a level previously only reached at Chernobyl. In the wake of the compound disasters, Japan has been struggling to contain the nuclear fallout in addition to rebuilding the nation's infrastructure and morale. Residents of the area still cannot access their homes to retrieve personal belongings and Japanese officials have said it will be another 10 months, at the very earliest, that people can begin returning to the area. See the rest of Picture Perfect: Donald Weber at VBS.TV . VBS traveled with Weber to the empty streets and abandoned homes surrounding Fukushima, where the eerie silence mirrors that at Chernobyl. One of the first photographers inside the zone, Weber set out to document the unfolding nuclear crisis and we set out to document him. Officials who took part in the Chernobyl cleanup a mere 25 years ago say they are shocked at how slow Japan's response has been. The Japanese government has yet to ask for international help in the cleanup, seemingly determined to solve the problem on its own and so far making many of the same mistakes that were made at Chernobyl. ""With the earthquake and tsunami, it was a catastrophe, but it's more of an engineering catastrophe and we can fix this,"" Weber says. ""But you can't fix what's happening at Fukushima. People just don't understand the whole scope of the matter ..."""
"LONDON, England (CNN)  -- British Airways is asking thousands of its staff to work for free for up to four weeks, spokeswoman Kirsten Millard said Tuesday. British Airways plans to reduce capacity by 4 percent next winter by parking up to 16 aircraft. In an e-mail to all its staff, the airline offered workers between one and four weeks of unpaid leave -- but with the option to work during this period. British Airways employs just more than 40,000 people in the United Kingdom. Last month, the company posted a record annual loss of 400 million ($656 million). Its chief executive declared at the time there were ""absolutely no signs of recovery"" in the industry. ""In 30 years in this business and I've never seen anything like this. This is by far the biggest crisis the industry has ever faced,"" said Willie Walsh, British Airways' chief executive.  Watch more about BA's request  . A spokesman for one of Britain's biggest unions said its workers could not afford to work for free for a month. ""It's all well and good for Willie Walsh to say he's prepared to work for free when he earns four times in a month what they do in a year,"" said Ciaran Naidoo, a spokesman for Unite. He pointed out that the airline was not ordering staff to work without pay. ""It's a request -- you can take unpaid leave or you can work for free, and the chances of people working for free are very unlikely, but there might be some people who want to take unpaid leave."" Demand for the airline's passenger seats and cargo holds fell during the last financial year, while its fuel bill rocketed to almost 3 billion ($4.7 billion). Walsh said British Airways' woes were inextricably linked to the downturn in the global economy and that there had been no sign of any ""green shoots"" of recovery. Like its premium-class competitors, British Airways is losing customers to cheaper rivals. The airline's premium passenger numbers fell 13 percent in the second half of last year, in line with the industry average. Total traffic fell 3.4 percent and while the airline carried 33.1 million passengers last year, it was a drop of 4.3 percent from the previous year. The dip in demand for British Airways' flights has forced a switch in strategy at the airline. From the end of last year, it has been trying to tempt passengers with lower fares, sacrificing profit per seat for ""bums on seats."" It plans to reduce capacity by 4 percent next winter by parking up to 16 aircraft. CNN's Alysen Miller contributed to this report."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Iran has condemned the kidnapping of one of its diplomats in northwest Pakistan on Thursday, calling it an ""act of terrorism,"" an Iranian foreign ministry spokesman said. Pakistani policemen inspect a bullet-riddled car of a kidnapped Iranian diplomat on Thursday. ""Pakistan should do its best to protect foreign diplomats and their residential places,"" the spokesman Hassan Qashqavi said, according to Iran's state-run IRNA news agency. At least four gunmen abducted Heshmatollah Attarzadeh near his home in Peshawar as he headed to work at the Iranian consulate, according to Pakistani police and Iranian diplomatic officials. His bodyguard, a Pakistani police officer, was shot and killed when the two men tried to resist, a Peshawar police official said. Pakistan's Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also ""strongly condemned"" the attack, and informed Iran that the government ""will take all necessary measures for his safe and early recovery."" Attarzadeh is a commercial attache for the Iranian consulate in Peshawar. It is the second attack targeting a foreign worker in Peshawar in two days. An American aid worker was shot and killed outside the Iranian consulate in Peshawar on Wednesday. Stephen Vance worked for a non-profit foundation funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development that helped find jobs for people in Pakistan's tribal regions, according to a statement from his employer, the Cooperative Housing Foundation International. ""Stephen had fully immersed himself in the community in which he worked,"" the statement said. ""He dressed traditionally and even sent his children to local schools."" Vance, 52, a native of California, is survived by his wife and five children -- all of whom lived with him in Peshawar -- CHF International official Bill Holbrook told CNN. The attacks come less than three months after gunmen opened fire on a vehicle carrying the senior U.S. diplomat in Peshawar, Lynne Tracy. She escaped unharmed. Peshawar is the capital of Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, an area rife with Islamic extremists and the site of recent clashes between security forces and militants. In late June, Pakistan's military launched an offensive in the province -- the biggest push against extremists in the tribal region since the civilian government took power in March. Islamic militants vowed to retaliate. Since then, militants have launched several deadly attacks. Pakistan's new government has tried to negotiate a deal with militants as part of its efforts to bypass military might and achieve peace through talks."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Doctors removed five small polyps from President Bush's colon on Saturday, and ""none appeared worrisome,"" a White House spokesman said. The polyps were removed and sent to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, for routine microscopic examination, spokesman Scott Stanzel said. Results are expected in two to three days. All were small, less than a centimeter [half an inch] in diameter, he said. Bush is in good humor, Stanzel said, and will resume his activities at Camp David. During the procedure Vice President Dick Cheney assumed presidential power. Bush reclaimed presidential power at 9:21 a.m. after about two hours. Doctors used ""monitored anesthesia care,"" Stanzel said, so the president was asleep, but not as deeply unconscious as with a true general anesthetic. He spoke to first lady Laura Bush -- who is in Midland, Texas, celebrating her mother's birthday -- before and after the procedure, Stanzel said. Afterward, the president played with his Scottish terriers, Barney and Miss Beazley, Stanzel said. He planned to have lunch at Camp David and have briefings with National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley and White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten, and planned to take a bicycle ride Saturday afternoon. Cheney, meanwhile, spent the morning at his home on Maryland's eastern shore, reading and playing with his dogs, Stanzel said. Nothing occurred that required him to take official action as president before Bush reclaimed presidential power. The procedure was supervised by Dr. Richard Tubb, Bush's physician, and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, the White House said. Bush's last colonoscopy was in June 2002, and no abnormalities were found, White House spokesman Tony Snow said. The president's doctor had recommended a repeat procedure in about five years. A colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer, rectal cancer and polyps, small clumps of cells that can become cancerous, according to the Mayo Clinic. Small polyps may be removed during the procedure. Snow said on Friday that Bush had polyps removed during colonoscopies before becoming president. Snow himself is undergoing chemotherapy for cancer that began in his colon and spread to his liver.  Watch Snow talk about Bush's procedure and his own colon cancer  . ""The president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance,"" Snow said. The American Cancer Society recommends that people without high risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50. E-mail to a friend ."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- An $80 million research project aimed at giving people 50 active years after the age of 50 was launched by scientists at the University of Leeds in northern England Tuesday. The challenge is to ensure old people stay as fit as Brisbane centenarian Ruth Frith, seen competing at shot put during World Masters Games in Sydney this month. About half of the babies born in Western countries today will live until they are 100 years old, according to recent research published in the medical journal The Lancet, so the challenge is to ensure they remain active throughout their old age. While most of us will live longer than our parents and grandparents, the aging population means that in coming decades more people will suffer from age-related conditions such as osteoarthritis, heart disease and chronic back pain. Obesity and increased physical activity also put more pressure on our joints, causing them to wear out faster. Scientists at Leeds University envisage that many of the body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded using own-grown tissues and more durable implants. This will mean artificial hips, knees and heart valves, for example, lasting far longer than the current 20-year typical lifespan. ""Our work is driven by the concept of 50 more years after 50 -- that is, making our second 50 years of life as healthy, comfortable and active as our first, so we can enjoy a higher quality of life,"" explains Professor John Fisher, who is an expert in artificial joints and tissue regeneration. ""We now have the technology available to do astonishing things, such as repairing the body by growing healthy new tissue through biological scaffolds and stem cell therapy. And a new generation of prosthetic hip and knee joints that last longer will avoid the need for further replacements."" Fisher says the center also hopes to gain a better understanding of degenerative diseases to allow for early diagnosis, rather than having to treat someone when they are already in crippling pain. ""For example, we're developing biosensor tools that can detect the presence of antibodies and proteins in the blood. All of these technologies will ultimately reduce suffering in patients through more timely interventions, shorter hospital stays and quicker recovery times."" So how do you feel about this. Are you looking forward to your old age? Do you believe you will remain active? Click here to send us your comments and we will try to use as many as possible in tonight's show."
"(CNN) -- President-elect Barack Obama visited military personnel and their families enjoying Christmas dinner at a Marine Corps base in Hawaii Thursday during his holiday vacation. President-elect Obama shakes hands with troops having Christmas dinner at a military base in Hawaii. Obama went to Marine Corps Base Hawaii Kaneohe Bay on Oahu where he mingled with Marines and sailors. Obama and the troops also had a traditional dinner including turkey, roast beef, ham and trimmings. Obama, dressed casually in a blue polo shirt and dark khaki trousers, chatted casually, shook hands and posed for photos with men and women in the dining hall, which had been decorated with Christmas trees and Santa figurines. Shortly before Obama entered the room, a Marine shouted to the crowd scattered across 25 tables, ""You need to take you seats, the president-elect is going to be coming."" Obama, who spent about an hour at the Marine base, worked his way around the room, table by table. ""Just wanted to say, 'Hi, hey guys,'"" Obama said at one point while reporters were allowed in the room. ""Hey guys, Merry Christmas,"" he said to another group. Obama also highlighted the service of the country's military men and women now overseas in a holiday message to be broadcast on radio this Saturday. ""As we celebrate this joyous time of year, our thoughts turn to the brave men and women who serve our country far from home,"" he said in the message, which was posted online Wednesday. ""Their extraordinary and selfless sacrifice is an inspiration to us all, and part of the unbroken line of heroism that has made our freedom and prosperity possible for over two centuries.""   Watch Obama's holiday message  . More than 140,000 soldiers are currently serving in Iraq, as well as roughly 30,000 in Afghanistan. In the broadcast message, Obama also called on Americans to ""renew a sense of common purpose and shared citizenship."" ""These are also tough times for many Americans struggling in our sluggish economy,"" he said. ""Now, more than ever, we must rededicate ourselves to the notion that we share a common destiny as Americans -- that I am my brother's keeper, I am my sister's keeper. ... We must all do our part to serve one another; to seek new ideas and new innovation; and to start a new chapter for our great country."" Obama said that notion ""will guide my administration in the New Year. If the American people come together and put their shoulder to the wheel of history, then I know that we can put our people back to work ... and reach the promise of a brighter day."""
"London, England (CNN) -- On-form Wayne Rooney came off the bench to score the winner as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-1 in the English League Cup final at Wembley on Sunday. United manager Alex Ferguson opted to rest the England striker, preferring Michael Owen in attack alongside Dimitar Berbatov. Villa took the lead early on when James Milner converted a penalty after the pacey Gabriel Agbonlahor was pulled down in the box by Nemanja Vidic. Vidic was lucky not to receive a red card as he appeared to be the last defender. But United were back on level terms barely seven minutes later when Villa defender Richard Dunne lost the ball to Berbatov. Dunne's attempt at recovering the situation succeeded only in diverting the ball to the on-rushing Owen. The former Liverpool and Real Madrid frontman slid the ball first time past Brad Friedel and into the net. Owen, who has struggled to claim a regular starting place in the United side, was forced off just before the interval with a hamstring injury. The stage was set for his replacement, Rooney. The 24 year-old didn't disappoint as he nodded in a cross from Antonio Valencia with only 16 minutes remaining. After the match, Ferguson told Sky Sports he decided to drop his match-winner for the game because of the number of key matches coming up for the club -- including the Champions League second leg tie against AC Milan. ""There are a lot of big games coming up now and that's why we didn't play him today, but he's had 45, 50 minutes,"" he said. ""Michael Owen had a great first half, but unfortunately he got a hamstring injury and had to come off with that. Wayne comes on and scores the winning goal. With the form he's in you expect that."" In the English Premier League, Tottenham Hotspur beat Everton 2-1 to regain fourth spot from Manchester City, who shocked leaders Chelsea 4-2 on Saturday. First half goals from in-form Roman Pavlyuchenko and the influential Luka Modric put them in charge at White Hart Lane, but Ayegbeni Yakubu's reply just after the break set up a tense second half. Liverpool stay a point behind in sixth place after a 2-1 home win over Blackburn with talismen Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres scoring. Keith Andrews drew Blackburn level from the spot but Spanish striker Torres grabbed a valuable winner as he continues his comeback from an injury layoff."
"(CNN) -- The flu has forced an early end to Billy Bob Thornton's musical tour of Canada, his publicist said Saturday. Thornton's publicist says Boxmasters band member, crew, have flu; will rejoin tour on Tuesday. The news was reportedly greeted with loud applause at a Friday night show in Montreal after Thornton called Canadian concert-goers ""mashed potatoes with no gravy"" in a radio interview Wednesday. The Boxmasters' final Canadian dates -- in Montreal and London, Ontario -- were canceled because ""one of the band members and several of the crew have the flu,"" said Thornton publicist Arnold Robinson. Thornton's electric hillbilly band will rejoin Willie Nelson's tour when it returns to the United States for a show in Stamford, Connecticut, on Tuesday, after they have ""a few days off to recuperate,"" Robinson said. The trio was the opening act for Nelson until they were loudly booed in Toronto, a day after the actor-musician's bizarre interview with a CBC radio host. Ironically, the comments that offended Canadians included Thornton's assessment that they were ""very reserved"" and ""it doesn't matter what you say to them."" ""It's mashed potatoes with no gravy,"" Thornton told CBC host Jian Ghomeshi. ""We tend to play places where people throw things at each other and here they just sort of sit there,"" he said.  Watch Thornton's interview  . The audience at Thursday night's show in Toronto loudly booed the Boxmasters, with some shouts of ""Here comes the gravy!"" The Toronto Star newspaper reported. Thornton's remarks about Canadians came near the end of his controversial interview with on the CBC's ""Q"" program, which began with the host's brief mention that, in addition to being the Boxmaster's lead singer and drummer, Thornton was an ""Oscar-winning screenwriter-actor-director."" Thornton, apparently upset with any reference to his movie career, was unresponsive to Ghomeshi's questions until the men finally declared a truce to talk about music.  Watch more about the controversy  . He ""simply elected not to engage with the interviewer because of the direction of the interview from the outset,"" Robinson told CNN. Video of the interview, which has been viewed by millions online, may leave the audience wondering whether this was a controlled performance by Thornton or a public breakdown that revealed true anger over a perceived insult of his music. Thornton promotes a mythology that his ""cosmic cowboy"" music came together years ago after a fight over coleslaw at a Los Angeles chicken restaurant. His long and successful career as an actor, director and screenwriter does not fit with his struggling musician story he tells in interviews about the Boxmasters."
"(CNN) -- A leading spokesman for WikiLeaks has said he is stepping down, citing organizational shortcomings and clashes with the group's founder. Daniel Domscheit-Berg, who was known as Daniel Schmitt while acting as spokesman, said the whistle-blower website has structural problems stemming from its rapid growth, the German magazine Der Spiegel reported Monday. WikiLeaks was thrust into the international spotlight earlier this year when it released some 76,000 pages of U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan. ""Because of the high pressure we have all been under following the publication of the American military documents, we have not been able to restructure our organization accordingly. This has created a situation in which not all of the work is being done correctly, and that is overwhelming the project,"" Domscheit-Berg said, according to Der Spiegel. ""WikiLeaks has a structural problem. I no longer want to take responsibility for it, and that's why I am leaving the project,"" he said. Domscheit-Berg is one of a handful of people to have spoken on behalf of WikiLeaks, as the task typically falls to the website's founder, Julian Assange. Domscheit-Berg told Der Spiegel he had clashed with Assange over what he saw as the founder's increasing concentration of resources on fewer and larger leaks, and over whether Assange should take a more back-seat role following the rape and molestation allegations made against him in Sweden last month. ""In my opinion it would have been best if he (Assange) had pulled back a bit so that he could quietly deal with these problems. It would have been fine if he had continued his normal work out of the spotlight. But he clearly saw my internal proposal as an attack on his role,"" Der Spiegel reported Domscheit-Berg said. According to the account, and a posting on Wikileaks' Twitter page, Domscheit-Berg was suspended from the organization about a month ago. ""Julian Assange reacted to any criticism with the allegation that I was disobedient to him and disloyal to the project. Four weeks ago, he suspended me -- acting as the prosecutor, judge and hangman in one person,"" Domscheit-Berg told Der Spiegel. WikiLeaks has previously said it plans to publish another 15,000 documents related to the war in Afghanistan soon, while Domscheit-Berg told the German magazine the group has additional leaks in the works. ""Through our rising recognition in the last six months, we have again received a lot of material that urgently needs to be processed and published,"" he said."
"Surrey, British Columbia (CNN) -- Canadian authorities braced for protests expected to take place near Vancouver, British Columbia, on Thursday outside an event where former U.S. presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton are scheduled to appear. Amnesty International called on Canadian authorities to arrest Bush for ""war crimes"" while activists announced Occupy Wall Street-style protests of the economic summit in Surrey where the former presidents were scheduled to speak along with world finance experts. ""We would prefer his home country try George W. Bush,"" said Alex Neve, secretary-general of Amnesty International Canada. Neve said Bush should face trial for ordering the so-called enhanced interrogation, such as water boarding, of suspected terrorists. ""But the Obama administration has made it clear they do not intend to do that, so we are asking Canada to. We are not naive. It's an uphill fight but we feel we have a strong case,"" Neve said. Across social media and the Internet, activists called for an ""Occupy Surrey"" protest similar to demonstrations in dozens of cities decrying Wall Street excess. Several recent Occupy Wall Street demonstrations led to property damage and arrests. Authorities in Canada said they were prepared for potential clashes with protesters, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said. RCMP Cpl. Drew Grainger said in a statement the force is going to ""respect the rights to democratic and lawful protest and is approaching this event no different than other similar events with a potential for conflict."" The summit is taking place in Surrey, a city just south of Vancouver with a population of about 370,000. Organizers are charging about $600 a head for an audience of about 500 people to listen to speakers, including Bush and Clinton. According to the summit agenda, the two ex-presidents will share the stage for about an hour to discuss a variety of topics including ""new realities of the North American economy."" The talk given by the two presidents is scheduled to begin at 3:45 p.m. ET and will be closed to the media, organizers said. The government of Canada, a close U.S. ally, has not commented on protesters' calls to arrest Bush. But the country's Immigration Minister Jason Kenney told the Vancouver Sun newspaper the request was not being taken seriously. ""Amnesty International cherry-picks cases to publicize based on ideology,"" Kenney said. ""This kind of stunt helps explain why so many respected human rights advocates have abandoned Amnesty International."" Last month, protesters appeared at a Vancouver event for former vice president Dick Cheney promote his book."
"(CNN) -- Pakistan cricketers have been told they will not be allowed to appear in the highly-lucrative Indian Premier League (IPL) this coming season because of fears over security. Danish Kaneria, in action against India last December, was hoping to play in the Indian Premier League. Stars from Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Sri Lanka, West Indies and, for the first time, England will be competing in the action that starts on April 10. Several Pakistan stars had also signed for IPL franchises while another five, including leg-spinner Danish Kaneria, were scheduled to appear at a players' auction to be held in Goa, India, on Thursday. However, the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) said players would not be allowed to play in the IPL this coming season on government advice. ""We have informed the IPL and Indian board that our players can't take part in the IPL this year,"" PCB chief operating officer Saleem Altaf told Reuters.com. The decision follows concerns for players' safety because of the tense relations between Pakistan and India after the Mumbai militant attacks in November. Former Pakistan captain Shoaib Malik, who plays for Delhi, said the players would abide by the directives of the government and PCB. Meanwhile, another former captain, Inzamam-ul-Haq is among several top Pakistan players who have successfully challenged a domestic ban imposed following appearances in the unofficial Indian Cricket League (ICL). Provincial Sindh High Court on Monday suspended the 2007 action taken by the PCB which must appear in court later this month to explain their action. Players affected by the 2007 ruling also include Mohammad Yousuf, Imran Nazir, Mohammad Sami and Azhar Mahmood who along with Inzamam, played for Lahore Badshahs. Last year, the Badshahs named after a Pakistani city and with a number of Pakistani players won the ICL 20s Indian championship. ""The honorable court has suspended this relevant clause of the PCB rules and allowed the players to appear in domestic cricket with immediate effect,"" Zahid Fakhruddin Ibrahim, the legal counsel for the players, told Reuters.com. Lahore coach Moin Khan, a former Pakistan captain, said the suspension of the ban was good for Pakistani cricket. ""Some of the ICL players can still play for Pakistan and when they play in domestic cricket, youngsters will learn from them,"" Khan commented. ""The ban had hurt the players financially as well as cricket-wise, so it's a great decision."""
"(Mashable) -- Groupon is fervently preparing for its most ambitious venture yet: the launch of a new mobile application that the company hopes will change when and how society chooses to eat, shop and play. The application, known as Groupon Now, is remarkably and elegantly simple, yet it's a radical departure from Groupon's current deal-a-day business model. When a user opens up the smartphone app, he or she will be presented with just two buttons: ""I'm hungry"" and ""I'm bored."" Clicking either button will open up a list of time-specific daily deals, based on his or her location. The familiar $10 coupons for $20 worth of food are still there, but they're not one-time offers. Instead, businesses can choose when they want these deals to be available. Say a restaurant is incredibly busy on Saturdays but could use more business on Wednesdays. With Groupon Now, that business can fill its seats during slow business days using time-specific deals. That's the beauty of Groupon Now: local businesses have never really had a simple way to manage their perishable inventory, especially labor and food. Why waste those resources during slow periods when you can bring savings-savvy consumers through the doors with a highly targeted Groupon deal? ""For merchants, the daily deal is like teeth whitening, and Groupon Now is like brushing your teeth. It can be an everyday thing to keep your business going,"" Groupon founder and CEO Andrew Mason told Bloomberg Businessweek in an extensive interview on the new product. The daily deals company has been on a tear recently -- in fact it is the fastest growing company in history -- but it faces stiff competition from companies with increasing muscle. Groupon is reportedly preparing for a $25 billion IPO just months after famously rejecting a $6 billion acquisition offer from Google, but its biggest competitor, LivingSocial, is preparing to raise half a billion dollars in funding. Not only that, but the #2 daily deals service has an app similar to Groupon Now already on the market. Groupon clearly believes Groupon Now is the future, so much so that its employees call the current iteration of its daily deals service ""Groupon 1.0."" While the market has made it clear that the group-buying business model is easily replicable, the coupon giant believes that its new offering will provide it with a unique technology and value proposition that will keep it ahead of the pack. With 70+ million subscribers and growing, Groupon will also have a big head start. It won't be long until we find out if Groupon Now is the future of local commerce; the mobile app launches in April.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved."
"BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN)  -- Colombian President Alvaro Uribe announced Wednesday he is releasing all information on his and his family's income to show he did not invest in or make money from pyramid schemes that have defrauded millions. Colombian President Alvaro Uribe says he's releasing the information to help the government's fight against fraud. Uribe said he is releasing the information because some of the people running the frauds have told potential investors that he and his sons also have invested or are otherwise involved. There also were allegations made in a congressional debate this week that Uribe's sons had been involved with one of the main companies accused of fraud. ""There's been slander against the good name of my family that I feel I must defend,"" a somber and angry-looking Uribe said in a short nationally televised speech. Officials have said the pyramid schemes took in at least $200 million from 3 million people this year. In the past five years, authorities said they believe the businesses took in $1 billion. Uribe said he is releasing the income information, dating to his youth, to help the government's continuing fight against fraud. ""I do it in respect to the Colombian people, for transparency and to strengthen the moral authority in order to keep battling all the expressions of the crime,"" he said. The president also defended his two sons, Tomas and Jeronimo. ""They are not involved in corruption,"" Uribe said. ""My sons are not corrupt. My sons are not influence peddlers before the state. My sons do not rely on their father. My sons are not sons of daddy. My sons are not layabouts. My sons are not lazy men with salaries. My sons have chosen to be men of work, honest and serious."" Officials last week arrested the head of a Colombian company accused of defrauding millions of investors. David Murcia Guzman, president of a company called DMG, was arrested in Panama and immediately deported to Colombia. Also last week, the Colombian government declared a state of emergency, allowing officials to take over businesses that have used pyramid schemes to steal millions from 3 million investors. The government immediately took over 60 DMG branches and shut the company's doors. Officials said they hope to liquidate some of the company's assets to repay defrauded investors. The emergency decree also stiffened jail time and fines for anyone found guilty of fraud. The government said the businesses defrauded the public by purporting to offer a sure investment. Speaking about the emergency measures last week, Interior Minister Fabio Valencia decried ""the Mafia-like mentality"" of those ""who want to obtain easy money."""
"Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- The commander of U.S. and NATO-led forces in Afghanistan apologized Wednesday after an investigation concluded that coalition troops accidentally killed nine civilians -- including some children -- in a strike Tuesday. Gen. David Petraeus, commander of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), said he would personally apologize to Afghan President Hamid Karzai after Karzai returns from a trip to London this week. ""We are deeply sorry for this tragedy and apologize to the members of the Afghan government, the people of Afghanistan, and, most importantly, the surviving family members of those killed by our actions,"" Petraeus said in a statement Wednesday. Some children were among the dead, an ISAF spokesman said. Preliminary findings of an investigation show that ISAF forces accidentally killed nine civilians in the Darah-Ye Pech district of Afghanistan's eastern Kunar province Tuesday, the statement said. The incident happened after insurgents fired rockets at a base used by U.S. and allied troops. ""These deaths should never have happened..."" Petraeus said. ""Regrettably, there appears to have been an error in the hand-off between identifying the location of the insurgents and the attack helicopters that carried out the subsequent operations."" In a statement Wednesday, Karzai condemned the incident ""in the strongest terms possible."" He noted the incident occurred less than 10 days after another incident ""that left many civilians dead in the same province."" On February 20, Kunar provincial Governor Sayed Fazlullah Wahidi said 64 civilians had died in a joint operation by ISAF and Afghan security forces over several days. The dead included 20 women and 15 children, he said. Karzai said the children were collecting firewood when they were killed. Karzai emphasized Wednesday that ""NATO needs to focus on the safe havens of terrorists,"" adding that killing innocent civilians will create ""huge problems."" Civilian casualties have been a hot-button issue in Afghanistan and have hurt the coalition's efforts to win backing for its efforts. Petraeus recently directed military commanders in Afghanistan to review changes meant to minimize civilian casualties. He has ordered commanders to brief helicopter attack crews again on the changes, he said. Should the facts of the investigation warrant it, he said, the military could take disciplinary action against some of the troops involved. CNN's Matiullah Mati and Barbara Starr contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Michael Phelps claimed his third gold of the world swimming championships in Shanghai Saturday but then admitted he was short of peak fitness. The American superstar won the 100m butterfly ahead of Poland's Konrad Czerniak and compatriot Tyler McGill in 50.71 seconds. It was his sixth medal of the meet in his return to China where he took an unprecedented eight gold medal tally in the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Phelps, who has been overshadowed by teammate Ryan Lochte in Shanghai, said he would be looking to improve with next year's Olympics in London his target. ""I'm not in the right shape physically. I want to be faster. It's a tough race,"" Phelps told AFP. In other action Saturday, controversial Brazilian star Cesar Cielo earned his second sprint title in the men's 50m freestyle with a winning time of 21.52 seconds. Olympic champion Cesar was only cleared to compete in the championships when a special hearing of the Court of Arbitration in Sport let him off with a warning after he tested positive for a banned diuretic in May. His appearance at the championships has drawn criticism for fellow swimmers and Cielo admitted it had taken its toll. ""For now, it's a big relief for me. I've had a crazy month and it's good to finish with a gold,"" he told AFP. ""I think that shows a lot of mental control. I think I became a more mature person. Even though I'm 24, I feel like I'm 44 right now. It was definitely the biggest challenge of my life."" Missy Franklin of the United States, who is only 16, showed she will be a force at the London Games with another two gold medals. Franklin took the women's 200m backstroke from Australian Belinda Hocking and then helped the U.S win their first 4x100m medley in more than a decade. Britain's double gold medal winner from the Beijing Games, Rebecca Adlington took her first world title as she edged out Lotte Friis of Denmark in the final length of a thrilling women's 800m freestyle with America's Kate Ziegler third. Dutch swimmer Inge Dekker was an upset winner of the women's 50m butterfly to claim her first individual world title."
(CNN) -- Bastian Schweinsteiger rescued a point for Bayern Munich as the German Bundesliga leaders were held to a 1-1 draw by Cologne on Saturday. The Germany international grabbed an equalizer for Bayern in the 58th minute as Louis van Gaal's side missed the opportunity to increase their lead at the top of the table. Bayern had looked to be heading for their first defeat since November after former striker Lukas Podolski, who had earlier hit the post, gave Cologne the lead at the RheinEnergieStadion. Podolski struck a superb free-kick in the 32nd minute which deflected off goalkeeper Hans-Jorg Butt's hand and into the top-left corner of the net. But the impressive Thomas Mueller set up midfielder Schweinsteiger and he stroked the ball home from just inside the penalty area to secure a point for Bayern. Schalke are hot on the heels of the leaders after they cruised to a 4-1 win at Eintracht Frankfurt to close the gap to two points thanks to goals from Joel Matip, Benedikt Howedes Ivan Rakitic and Kevin Kuranyi. Marcell Jansen scored the only goal of the game to ensure Hamburg remain in touch with the top three as they claimed a 1-0 win over Hertha Berlin at the HSH Nordbank Arena which left Hertha rooted to the bottom of the table. Stuttgart threw away a two-goal lead as they drew 2-2 with Werder Bremen. Sami Khedira and Pavel Pogrebnyak gave the visitors a 2-0 half-time advantage but Portugal striker Hugo Almeida pulled a goal back for Bremen before Torsten Frings leveled with nine minutes remaining. Elsewhere, Wolfsburg scored four second-half goals as they came from behind to a record a 4-1 win over Bochum thanks to a brace from Edin Dzeko and a goal apiece from Obafemi Martins and Jonathan Santana. Hannover clinched a vital three points over fellow relegation strugglers Freiburg with a 2-1 away victory as Papiss Demba Cisse put through his own net for the home side after Yacine Abdessadki had equalized Elson's opener for the visitors. In the day's late kick-off Borussia Dortmund kept up the chase for the Europa League with a routine 3-0 home victory over Borussia Monchengladbach. Egypt international Mohamed Zidan, who scored against England during the week, struck twice in the second half after Kevin Grosskreutz had given Dortmund the lead.
"POTTSVILLE, Pennsylvania (CNN) -- A fomer Pennsylvania high school football player  was acquitted of murder Friday in the beating death of a Mexican immigrant last summer. Luis Ramirez died of blunt force injuries after a confrontation with a group of Pennsylania teens. However, a Schuylkill County jury found Brandon Piekarsky and Derrick Donchak guilty of simple assault stemming from the death of Luis Ramirez, who died of blunt force injuries to the head after a fight with the defendants and their friends. Donchak, 19, was also found guilty of providing alcohol to the group of teens that encountered Ramirez the night of July 12 on a residential street in the rural mining town of Shenandoah. Both teens were acquitted of ethnic intimidation charges. Prosecutors alleged the teens baited the undocumented Mexican immigrant into a fight with racial epithets, provoking an exchange of punches and kicks that ended with Ramirez convulsing in the street, foaming from the mouth. He died two days later in a hospital in Danville. Piekarsky, 17, had faced a charge of third-degree murder for allegedly delivering a fatal kick to Ramirez's head after he was knocked to the ground. He also was found not guilty of ethnic intimidation, aggravated assault and attempting to solicit a cover-up. An all-white jury of six men and six women heard from several prosecution witnesses, including a juvenile co-defendant and another teen who pleaded guilty in federal court for his role in the fight. While the jury heard conflicting accounts about who initiated the encounter or delivered the final kick to Ramirez's head, defense lawyers attempted to place the blame on another co-defendant, who is facing charges in juvenile court, and Colin Walsh, who has pleaded guilty to violating Ramirez's civil rights. The juvenile admitted on the stand to shouting ""go home you Mexican [expletive]"" after the first fight dispersed, prompting Ramirez to turn back and attack him. The juvenile's testimony was corroborated by Walsh, who admitted to punching Ramirez and knocking him to the ground after he charged the juvenile. Both witnesses said Piekarsky delivered the final blow to Ramirez's head while he was on the ground, but others testified that they couldn't be certain who had actually kicked him. The incident drew national attention to the small town of Shenandoah, highlighting issues of race relations. CNN's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- It's time this debate was settled once and for all. Football or soccer? What do you think the round-ball game should be called? While it may be a basic discussion; arguing whether the beautiful game should be called ""football"" or ""soccer"" is one of the most fundamental debates of the code. On the face it, the answer should be simple. The world body -- FIFA -- has the word ""football"" in its title. End of story? Not quite. The term soccer was coined as slang for ""association,"" in England in the 1880s. The Oxford University Association Football Club's Web site explains that former England captain Charles Wreford-Brown is commonly credited with its origin. Soccer would have been used to differentiate between University sports rugby football (""rugger"") and ""association"" football. Therefore, contrary to popular belief, the word soccer is a British term, not an American one. Soccer is more commonly used in countries that play other forms of football, i.e. Americans also play gridiron football and Australians who play ""Aussie Rules"" football -- a completely different sport entirely. Soccer was initially referred to as football in the United States. In 1913 the United States of America Football Association was formed. In later years, it became the United States Soccer Football Association and today is known as the United States Soccer Federation. Meanwhile they now have the Football Federation of Australia, it's hard to imagine a change to the national side's ""Socceroos"" nickname anytime soon. The ""Footyroos"" doesn't quite have the same sound to it. Now, you may be sitting back in Britain reading this and wondering why there should be any debate at all about the name of football? If you are thinking that, just remember one of the most popular shows in Britain is called ""Soccer Saturday"", so it's not as clear cut as you may think! Even the sport's governing body seems to be open to both options. At next year's FIFA World Cup in South Africa, the area where fans will gather during the tournament is to be called ""Soccer City"". Maybe the word ""football"" just doesn't work? We'd like you to tell us whether the game should be called football or soccer and why. Let us know in the SoundOff box below. You can also vote in the quick vote on the Football Fanzone homepage. Or, if you really want to make your case -- why not post us a video or photos at the Football Fanzone page on iReport.com. Olivia Sterns contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- A 9-year-old girl was laid to rest Wednesday as a 15-year-old girl, described as an acquaintance, was in court on charges she carried out the younger girl's murder . Elizabeth Olten was coming home from a friend's house last week in St. Martins, Missouri, when she disappeared. Distraught residents searched for days for Olten without luck, when the Cole County Sheriff's Department received a tip that led them to the alleged killer. It didn't lead them to a stranger, a child predator or a convicted sex offender -- avenues police had originally considered because of Olten's age . Instead, it led them to a 15-year-old girl who, according to Peggy Florence, a family spokeswoman, had played with Olten. The girl then led police to the body -- which was found in an area authorities searched before, the sheriff's department said, but was hidden so well they hadn't seen it. Authorities said both physical evidence and some written evidence led to the suspect's arrest. She has been charged with first-degree murder. On Wednesday, Olten's family looked towards closure as two drastically different scenes unfolded in Missouri. Olten's family and friends watched as two white horses pulled her casket in a glass hearse. Hours earlier, a judge had ordered the 15-year-old suspect to be held while he decides whether she should be tried in adult court. Authorities have not released the suspect's name. Authorities released few details about the case, though they said an autopsy was conducted Saturday. The Olten family spent the day of Elizabeth's funeral remembering a very special little girl and mourning their loss, choosing to celebrate her life, instead of attending the court hearing of the teen accused of killing her. After the funeral ceremony, they released pink balloons, in honor of Elizabeth Olten's favorite color. For them, it was about their little girl -- the one who was always ready with a bright smile. ""She wanted to be a mother, she wanted to love others and take care of others,"" family spokeswoman Florence told HLN's Nancy Grace. ""She was just a lovely child -- she never met an animal she didn't love and dress up and play with."" She loved to dress up and put on fancy dresses, Florence said, even in the snow and the mud. ""She was a beautiful little girly girl,"" Florence said. ""She had everyone's heart."""
"(CNN) -- Investigators released photographs Wednesday showing a man wanted in the case of a slain woman and her missing 7-year-old daughter. The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation released images taken by a security camera of 37-year-old Tonya Hobbs and her estranged husband, Lester Williams Hobbs, as they shopped for food just hours before Tonya Hobbs was killed. Police have charged Lester Hobbs with murder in his estranged wife's death. They also have charged him with kidnapping Tonya Hobbs' daughter, Aja Daniell Johnson, the bureau said Wednesday. ""These new pictures show the suspect car that is now missing as well as what the suspect, Lester Hobbs, looks like and the clothes he may be wearing now,"" a bureau spokeswoman, Jessica Brown, said in a statement. Investigators have asked anyone with information about Hobbs or Aja to call a new hotline number at 1-800-THE-LOST. The images released Wednesday were taken about 5:15 p.m. Saturday at a store in Lawton, Oklahoma. Shortly after that, the couple and Aja apparently went to the home of Lester Hobbs' sister to eat, police said. Hobbs was found dead in a parked RV the next day in Geronimo, Oklahoma. Her daughter has been missing since then. ""We've got to find that little girl,"" Special Agent Ray Homer of the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said this week. The girl has a medical condition that requires medication, police have said, though they declined to elaborate. Lester Hobbs, 46, and Aja are presumed to be in Hobbs' car -- a white 1992 Toyota Paseo with an Oklahoma tag number 577-BPW, police said. Police have searched for them in Oklahoma and Texas. Lester and Tonya Hobbs were separated, but apparently Tonya Hobbs was visiting her estranged husband in an attempt to reconcile, Richard Goss, agent in charge of the state bureau of investigation's Lawton, Oklahoma, office, told reporters this week. Lester Hobbs is not Aja's biological father, police said. He has an extensive criminal history, Goss said, without elaborating. Aja's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November, according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City. At a hearing, Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl's father, John Johnson, agreed that she would have supervised visitation with Aja and keep the girl away from Lester Hobbs, the documents said."
Hong Kong, China (CNN) -- Surging inflation in China has the government worried enough that it's adopting new measures, state media said Wednesday. Government actions might include food subsidies, price limits, reinforced punishment for speculating on food, and steps to prevent hoarding, China Daily said. Mayors also might be forced to account for insufficient vegetable supplies and volatile prices. Inflation in China is rising so quickly that it's sending shoppers across the border, to Hong Kong. Mainland Chinese are returning with necessities such as meat and produce, as much as they can carry on a train ride. While in Hong Kong, which is a day trip from parts of mainland China, shoppers also can save by grabbing a meal at McDonald's. The fast-food chain is raising menu prices in China by as much as 1 yuan [15 cents US] per item because of rising food costs. McDonald's is keeping prices in check in Hong Kong. The chain, with more than 1,000 outlets in China, is raising prices there for the first time this year, Xinhua said. In 36 Chinese cities, the average wholesale prices for 18 kinds of vegetables have surged by 62.4 percent from a year earlier, the Ministry of Commerce said. Chinese doing marketing in Hong Kong also are loading up on necessities such as toilet paper, diapers and shampoo. With their hands full, they shop busily at supermarkets, sundry stores and produce markets, especially near train stations. One woman described significant savings, such as oranges selling for about twice the price in China, as compared with Hong Kong. Last week, the state-run Xinhua news agency said that China's consumer price index had hit a 25-month high of 4.4 percent in October. The government's full-year inflation target is 3 percent. China's Ministry of Commerce has sold 62,400 tons of pork and 210,000 tons of sugar from reserves since the end of September, in an attempt to stabilize food prices. The ministry also says it will work with other government agencies to try to cool inflation, according to China Daily. China is under pressure as capital flows into the economically vibrant country, the newspaper said, citing Central Bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan. The country drew about $7.7 billion in foreign direct investment in October, up 7.9 percent from a year earlier, China Daily said. Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China, which generally governs itself. The Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the U.S. dollar, unlike China's yuan, or renminbi.
"(CNN)  -- Tiger Woods was forced to pull out of the final round of the Players Championship at Sawgrass on Sunday with a neck injury. Woods lasted until the seventh hole before calling it a day. He was two-over for the round and two-under for the prestigious tournament, but trailing the leaders, when he quit. South African Tim Clark eventually won the 'fifth major' with a superb five-under-par 67 to close on 16-under 272. ""I've been playing with a bad neck for a while,"" Woods told gathered reporters. ""I might have a bulging disk. They want me to get a picture on it next week. ""I've been playing through it. I can't play through it any more,"" he said. ""I know playing doesn't help it,"" he added. Woods revealed he had been troubled by the pain before last month's Masters, where he finished tied for fourth. It was his first tournament of the year after a self-imposed exile following his revelations of marital infidelities. The world number one was in action again at the Quail Hollow tournament in North Carolina last week where he easily missed the cut after two sorry rounds. ""I'm having a hard time with the pain,"" Woods said. ""There's tingling down my fingers, just the right side. Setting up over the ball is fine but once I start making the motion, it's downhill from there."" Woods is under pressure for his world number one spot from Phil Mickelson, who won the Masters and has been in tremendous form on the PGA Tour. The 34-year-old last pulled out of a tournament in 2006 at the Nissan Open in Los Angeles when he had flu. If the injury proves long-standing it could affect his build to the second major of the season, the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach in mid-June. Mickelson could have leapfrogged Woods if he had won the Players, but he shot a closing 74 to tie for 17th. England's Lee Westwood led going into the back nine on the final day, but a series of lapses, including a double bogey on the notorious short 17th, ended his hopes. Clark, who was winning for the first time on the PGA Tour, charged through the field to set the clubhouse target, with Australian Robert Allenby finishing second, one shot behind, after failing with birdie attempts on the final two holes."
"(CNN) -- Afraid that her husband will leave her for a younger woman, a 107-year-old Malaysian woman is looking to marry again -- for the 23rd time. Wok Kundor: ""I am an aged woman. I don't have the body nor am I a young woman who can attract anyone."" Wok Kundor has been happily married for four years to her husband, a man 70 years her junior. But since he left their village in northern Terengganu state for a drug rehabilitation program in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, Wok has had a gnawing feeling. ""She said that she has been feeling insecure lately and she needs to find out whether he still loves her or not,"" said R.S.N. Murali, a reporter for The Star. The English-language Malaysian daily was among several local media outlets reporting on the lifelong romantic. ""She is worried he might not come back after his program and find himself a younger wife,"" Murali said. If so, Wok has her eyes set on a 50-year-old man, but hopes it does not come to that. ""I realize that I am an aged woman. I don't have the body nor am I a young woman who can attract anyone,"" she told the newspaper. ""My intention to remarry is to fill my forlornness,"" particularly during the Muslim month of fasting, Ramadan, she said. Malaysian media, which has previously reported on the woman, said Wok has been married 22 times. That would make her marriages last an average of four years. Wok would not discuss past relationships, Murali said. ""Some of her better halves have passed away or have divorced, but she doesn't want to talk about them or her children,"" he said. Wok and her current husband, Mohammed Boor Che Musa, hail from the same village and met there. Muhammad, 37, was quoted in an earlier report as saying the couple fell for each other because it was ""God's will."" On Monday, he told The Star that he is still very much in love with his wife and cannot dream of life with someone else. But Wok wants to hear him say it, Murali said. Soon, the centenarian plans to make the journey to Kuala Lumpur -- if she can find a neighbor to drive her there."
"(CNN)  -- Manchester United came a goal behind and shrugged off the early loss of Michael Owen to injury to beat German champions Wolfsburg 2-1 for their second victory in Champions League Group B. Giggis is congratulated by teammates after scoring his 150th goal for United. Owen, looking to impress watching England manager Fabio Capello, survived for just 20 minutes at Old Trafford before going off with a groin strain. His replacement Dimitar Berbatov proved highly effective but the enterprising visitors went ahead through a Edin Dzeko header in the 56th minute. Ryan Giggs equalized just three minutes later with his 150th goal for the Red Devils, his deflected shot finding its way home. The evergreen Giggs then set up Michael Carrick for the 76th minute winner as he curled home his shot from the edge of the penalty area. United manager Alex Ferguson paid his own compliment to the Welsh wizard as he reflected on a hard-fought home victory. ""He's unbelievable, all the infinitives, all the praise over the years, I don't know if you can add to it. He's a marvellous player."" Ferguson also revealed that Owen would be out for between two to three weeks with his latest injury. The three points leave United top of the group with two wins from two games after their eighth victory in a row in all competitions. In the other Group B action on Wednesday, CSKA Moscow bounced back from their 2-1 defeat to Wolfsburg in the first round of matches to see off Turkish champions Besiktas 2-1. Midfielders Alan Dzagoev and Milos Krasic scored for the hosts either side of half time, with Besiktas, beaten in their first two games, pulling a goal back thorugh Ismail Koybasi. In Group A, the heavyweight clash between Bayern Munich and Juventus ended in a goalless draw. Munich had several chances in their home Allianz Arena, but failed to convert them although they do top the group with four points. French champions Bordeaux are in second place on goal difference after a 1-0 home win over Israeli counterparts Maccabi Haifa. Having drawn with Juventus in their group opener, Laurent Blanc's men had wait until the 83rd minute for a vital breakthrough as Michael Ciani headed home from Gregory Sertic's corner. Juventus are third in the group after two draws, with Maccabi bottom after drawing blank."
"(CNN) -- Venus Williams claimed the 42nd title of her glittering career as she successfully defended her Dubai Tennis Championship crown on Saturday. The American defeated fourth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-3 7-5 in the final, having also won their only previous encounter at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. The victory lifted Williams into 11th place on the all-time list, moving her one title ahead of the recently-returned Justine Henin to make her the most successful player currently active on the WTA Tour. The former world No. 1, seeded third in the absence of her top-ranked younger sister Serena and No. 2 Dinara Safina, won the opening set in controversial circumstances with the only break after using the Hawkeye system to challenge a line call on Azarenka's second serve at 3-2. The 29-year-old Williams romped to a 2-0 lead in the second set, but Australian Open quarterfinalist Azarenka leveled at 3-3 and games went with serve until 5-5. Williams broke then with a forehand passing shot, highlighting the extra power she said had given her an edge. ""Obviously, my serve is a big advantage for me,"" she told the tournament's official Web site. ""I think I get a lot of balls back. I think off the ground she's very strong and consistent, but I think I'm probably a little stronger than her, so that helps me to control the point. ""I think she does everything well, but there's a few things, obviously the strength that helps me."" The 20-year-old Azarenka has now lost five of her eight WTA Tour finals. ""It's not about power. It's more about precision that she was making it on the lines close to the lines,"" Azarenka said. ""Venus came off with some big shots, and, you know, I think overall the game was really good. ""Very high quality of tennis from both of us. Just, you know, a little bit of bad luck on a few balls. But I'm proud of what I did today."" Meanwhile, top seed Maria Sharapova claimed her 21st career title and her first of this year after thrashing Sophia Arvidsson 6-2 6-1 in the final of the Cellular South Cup in Memphis on Saturday. The Russian made short work of the 102-ranked Swede, who reached the final after coming through qualifying rounds but won the tournament four years ago. The 22-year-old Sharapova won her fifth consecutive match in straight sets, claiming her first title since triumphing in Tokyo in October last year as she continues her rehabilitation from long-term shoulder problems."
"(CNN) -- The question may have been lost in translation, but a visibly angry Secretary of State Hillary Clinton bluntly told a town-hall meeting in the Democratic Republic of Congo on Monday, ""I will you tell you my opinion, I'm not going to channel my husband."" Hillary Clinton became visibly angry after a translator asked what Bill Clinton would think regarding an issue. The unscripted moment happened as Clinton spoke to students at a Congolese university in Kinshasa, the Congo capital. A male student rose to ask a question about Chinese financial contracts with Congo. The student asked Clinton what President Obama would think of the deal, but pool reporters in the room said the translator made a mistake, posing the question as what would Bill Clinton think. Clinton looked surprised when she first heard the translation in the headset, and then sharply replied, ""You want me to tell you what my husband thinks? My husband is not the secretary of state, I am. You ask my opinion. I will tell you my opinion; I'm not going to channel my husband.""  Watch Clinton react to question  . At the State Department, Assistant Secretary P.J. Crowley said the question she heard ""struck a nerve,"" that her opinion on the matter was apparently of less interest than that of her husband, the former president. Crowley told CNN that Clinton's answer must be considered in the context of her African trip. ""The secretary of state is going to Goma Tuesday, to draw attention to the plight of women who are victims of rape as a weapon of war"" in Congo, Crowley said. ""She did react to what she heard,"" Crowley explained, but regardless that the interpreter may have gotten it wrong, ""you can't separate the question from the setting."" He said ""If Africa, if Congo is going to advance, women have to play a more significant role. She was in the setting of a town hall, and the questioner was interested in what two men thought, not the secretary of state."" Crowley, who has just returned to Washington after traveling with Clinton during the first part of her trip to Africa, said the State Department has not yet reviewed recordings of the original question, in French, to learn whether the student clearly intended the question to refer to Obama, not former President Clinton. ""She did talk with the student afterward, and they seemed to have reached an understanding,"" Crowley said."
"(CNN) -- World number one Roger Federer was knocked out of the Estoril Open on Saturday, after losing to defending champion Albert Montanes, 29, of Spain 6-2 7-6 (7-5) in the semifinals of the Portugal tournament. The 16-time champion, who is six weeks away from beating Pete Sampras's record of 286 weeks as the globe's top-ranked men's player, lost to Montanes on a rain-soaked clay court in under 90 minutes. Montanes will now face Portugal's Frederico Gil in Monday's final. However, the 28-year-old Federer -- who beat Nikolay Davendenko to win the event in 2008 -- remained confident about his clay-court form, despite this loss coming on the back of an opening match defeat at last month's Rome Masters. ""I'm not worried,"" Federer told the official Web site of the Estoril Open. ""My goal isn't to win 12 tournaments a year, it is the big events: the Masters, the grand slams and keeping the number one ranking. ""My decision to come to Estoril was the right decision. I would like to return again in future. I know that good things are around the corner,"" Federer added. ""I'm disappointed to have played a match like this, where I got off to a bad start again. I didn't play that badly in the second set, I had my moments but my movement was a little slow. ""I'm lacking matches,"" said Federer. ""I'll keep practicing hard again. Conditions will speed up in Madrid and Paris [at Roland Garros]. I must take positives into the next few weeks."" Federer was using the tournament as a warm-up to the French Open, where the Swiss ace will be looking to defend his title when the tournament starts at Roland Garros on May 23. Anastasija Sevastova of Latvia beat Spain's Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-2 7-5 to win the women's final in Estoril. Meanwhile, world number two Novak Djokovic pulled out of the Madrid Open on Saturday due to continued breathing problems. An allergic reaction to pollen in the air forced the 22-year-old player to retire from a game at the Serbain Open on Friday."
HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN)  -- Deaths in Zimbabwe related to the cholera epidemic are approaching 2,000, the World Health Organization said Tuesday, and close to 40,000 people have been affected by the preventable water-borne disease. Two men rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border in December. Statistics released by the Geneva, Switzerland-based organization WHO on Tuesday show 1,937 people have died in the raging epidemic from the 38,334 who contracted the disease since its outbreak in August. Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana. The epidemic comes at a time when President Robert Mugabe's government is facing its worst economic crisis, manifested in shortages of all essentials from food, fuel, cash, foreign currency and electricity and a hyperinflationary economy. Health experts have said Harare's failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals is the main driver of the disease. Most residents have resorted to rivers and shallow wells for drinking water, because taps are usually dry. On top of that problem, the waste-disposing system has collapsed. Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe. Last month, Mugabe's government declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency. Since then, international governments and organizations such as WHO, Doctors Without Borders, Oxfam, USAID and other U.N. groups have moved in to combat the disease that has engulfed all of Zimbabwe's provinces. But the situation has not immediately improved. Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned this month that the epidemic could get worse as the rainy season develops. Harare issued a warning Monday that some parts of the country are going to experience floods during rainy season, further compounding the fight against the disease. The season peaks in January or February and ends in late March. Mugabe and rival Morgan Tsvangirai signed a power-sharing deal in September to run the government after a hotly contested presidential election. It was widely hoped that the deal would be the panacea to the humanitarian and economic problems bewildering the once-prosperous Zimbabwe, but the pact is yet to take effect. The sides continue to debate the sharing of key Cabinet ministries such as information, local government, finance, defense and home affairs.
"(CNN) -- Mid-table English Premier League side Blackburn Rovers want to sign former world player of the year Ronaldinho and persuade football icon David Beckham to come to them on loan from Los Angeles Galaxy. Rovers' manager Steve Kean said the prospect of AC Milan star Ronaldinho and Beckham coming to Ewood Park during the January transfer window was a sign of the ambition shown by the club's new Indian owners. ""If you asked any Premier League manager if they wanted somebody who had been the world player of the year twice, then I reckon they would say 'yes I'm interested,"" he told the club's website on Tuesday. ""It is something that puts us on the map as far as trying to bring players of great stature to the club."" Who will be the bargain signings of the January sales? Poultry giants Venky's took control of the Blackburn in November and sacked former boss Sam Allardyce the following month when they handed the role to Kean. Ronaldinho, who was named FIFA World Player of the Year in 2004 and 2005, has struggled to recapture his best form at the San Siro and has also been linked with a likely return to former club Gremio in Brazil. ""It shows our intent,"" said Kean on Blackburn's bid for the former Barcelona playmaker. ""It shows we are trying to go to a different level and I think that can only be positive. ""In some areas it has been perceived and written about as if it is something of a negative, but I just can't see that."" Former Real Madrid and Manchester United midfielder Beckham, who has been linked with a return to England during the Major League Soccer close season, has emerged as another target for Rovers. The British media reported Tottenham Hotspur and Newcastle United are also chasing the 35-year-old, but Venky's chair Anuradha Desai told the BBC that Blackburn were ""open whenever he is ready to come."" Desai also confirmed the club's interest in Ronaldinho and outlined the financial package on offer to the 2002 World Cup winner. ""He (Ronaldinho) is keen to play in the English Premier League and I think that goes in our favor. ""To be precise (it is) 7.6m ($10.1m) for the first year and about 8.5m ($11.4m) for the second and third years,"" she added."
"(CNN) -- A multistate romaine lettuce recall because of fear of contamination with a potentially deadly bacteria has restaurants east of the Mississippi River scrambling to assure customers that their salad is safe. ""We have taken the extra precaution of contacting our lettuce supply chain partners to ensure that our product meets our usual high standard of quality,"" New York-based franchise Just Salad said in an e-mail to its customers. ""We are happy to say that we have confirmed that this recall will have no effect on Just Salad's romaine lettuce,"" the e-mail said. On Thursday, Freshway Foods in Sidney, Ohio, announced a voluntary recall of products containing shredded romaine lettuce with a use-by date of May 12 or earlier because they may be contaminated with E. coli linked to outbreak of illness. Read about recall on CNN's This Just in . Yum! Brands -- the largest restaurant company, and owner of popular fast food chains KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and Long John Silver's -- said Freshway Foods is a not supplier to any of its brands. The romaine lettuce, sold under the Freshway and Imperial Sysco brands, was recalled in connection with an E. coli outbreak that has sickened at least 19 people in Michigan, Ohio and New York. Most E. coli strains are harmless, but some cause severe illness. Diarrhea, urinary tract infections, pneumonia and other respiratory illnesses are just some of the consequences of ingesting certain kinds of the bacteria. Blog: What you need to know about E. coli . The lettuce under recall was sold to wholesalers and food service outlets in Alabama, Connecticut, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Freshway Foods also advised consumers not to eat ""grab and go"" salads sold at in-store salad bars and delis at Kroger, Giant Eagle, Ingles Markets and Marsh stores in 23 states and the District of Columbia. The Freshway recall does not affect bagged and prepackaged romaine lettuce mixes sold in the produce section. ""It is important to note that bulk and prepackaged romaine or bagged salad mixes containing romaine that were purchased in supermarkets are not included in this recall; Freshway Foods does not produce these products,"" Freshway said in a statement. Consumers with recall questions and concerns can contact Freshway Foods at 888-361-7106 or visit its website, www.freshwayfoods.com."
"Miami, Florida (CNN) -- Commercial air service resumed Friday morning from the United States to Haiti. An American Airlines flight from Miami to Port-au-Prince, Haiti, left at 7:36 a.m. ET after about an hour's delay, according to the airline's Web site. The flight landed at 9:22 a.m. ET in Haiti, the company said. An Insel Air flight also left Miami on Friday morning with passengers bound for Haiti, including relief workers, said Heerem Zeen of the airline's international office. Commercial air service from the United States to Haiti had been suspended since the January 12 earthquake. The Haitian government says at least 212,000 people died in the magnitude-7.0 quake. The quake damaged many of the country's buildings, including some at Toussaint Louverture International Airport in the Haitian capital. Full coverage of the Haiti earthquake and aftermath . American has said it plans three flights a day from Florida to Haiti. ""This is that crack in the dam that we so badly needed and our passengers so badly wanted, to start moving regularly scheduled traffic into and out of Haiti,"" spokesman Tim Smith recently said. ""We'll start out with three main flights a day from South Florida, two from Miami and one from Fort Lauderdale. Then we'll also fly a JFK New York flight into Haiti four days a week."" Haitian customs officials will work out of a cargo facility because of damage at the main terminal, Smith said. ""These flights serve as major milestones toward helping the country rebuild,"" Peter Dolara, American's senior vice president for Mexico, the Caribbean and Latin America, said in a recent news release. ""With commercial air service restored, we can better connect loved ones and provide consistent transportation to and from Haiti."" Also beginning March 12, American Eagle -- American's commuter affiliate -- will commence new service into Port-au-Prince from San Juan, Puerto Rico, and daily flights from the Dominican Republic cities of Santo Domingo and Santiago. ""We have begun our journey to recover from the catastrophic earthquake, but with support from companies like American Airlines, we hope it won't be nearly as long,"" said Ralph Latortue, consul general of Haiti in Florida . American has served Haiti since 1971 and employs more than 100 people in Port-au-Prince, according to the airline. Since the day after the earthquake, American Airlines and American Eagle have continued flying into and out of Haiti, carrying relief workers, medical personnel, humanitarian aid and evacuating hundreds of people. Representatives of Spirit Airlines and Delta Air Lines said this week that they were working to restore air service to Haiti. CNN's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report."
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- A Bronx woman has been charged with murder and robbery in the death of an 89-year-old Nazi concentration camp survivor, and police said a man is still being sought in connection with the death. Felix Brinkmann dances at a 2008 birthday party. ""He was not the kind of guy who had enemies,"" his son says. Angela Murray, 30, was arrested Saturday, according to the Manhattan district attorney's office, and is accused of strangling Guido Felix Brinkmann on Thursday in his Upper East Side apartment. Murray was arraigned Sunday and charged with one count of murder in the second degree and three counts of robbery. Brinkmann, a native of Latvia, was a Holocaust survivor who escaped death for a year while he was in the Mauthausen, Ebensee and Auschwitz camps. He had been slated for the gas chambers five times, but each time, he used his fluency in German to talk his way out, said his son, Rick Brinkman, who spells his last name differently. After the war, he was stunned to discover his wife, who had also been shipped to Auschwitz, alive and well in Poland. The Brinkmanns immigrated to America, where Brinkmann spent years in the bar and nightclub business, co-founding the Adam's Apple disco in Manhattan in 1971. In recent years, he had been the real estate manager of a mixed-use building in the Bronx, working ""seven days a week, without fail,"" Rick Brinkman said. On Thursday, the building's superintendent grew concerned when Brinkmann did not show up for work. He notified Brinkmann's son and received permission to enter the father's apartment, where he had lived alone since his wife died last year. Brinkmann was found face-down in his bedroom, his hands bound behind his back and his body showing blunt-force trauma wounds, police said. Brinkmann's blue 2009 Honda Civic had been stolen, along with one of two safes in his apartment, police said. The vehicle was later recovered in the Bronx. Rick Brinkman speculated that the killing was random. ""Anybody who knew him really liked him,"" the son said. ""He was not the kind of guy who had enemies."" CNN's Jason Kessler contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The Louisiana man who Saturday became the first Vietnamese-American elected to the House says he hopes his win will push more young people to become politically active. Anh ""Joseph"" Cao says his win shows that ""really anything can happen."" ""I am very honored and at this point, somewhat speechless to be the first Vietnamese-American congressman,"" Anh ""Joseph"" Cao told CNN on Sunday. ""But I also hope that many of our young people will consider being more politically active and being move involved in the community. Because as you can see, really anything can happen."" The Republican defeated nine-term Democratic Rep. William Jefferson in the mostly African-American and heavily Democratic New Orleans-area district. Jefferson had been expected to win a 10th term despite battling scandals and a federal indictment for the past three years. The contest, which drew a light turnout, was delayed until Saturday after Hurricane Gustav swept through southern Louisiana in late August. Had the vote been held during the November 4 general election, Jefferson -- who is black -- may have benefited from the heavy African-American voter turnout for Barack Obama. Cao conceded that low voter turnout aided his victory. ""We were hoping for a low turnout because it would provide us with the greater chance of winning,"" said Cao, a lawyer and community activist. ""Based on the demographics of the district, a high voter turnout would have gone to our disadvantage."" Cao also may have been helped by the scandal that has plagued Jefferson. Jefferson, who pleaded not guilty to 16 criminal counts of racketeering, bribery, money laundering and obstruction of justice, denies any wrongdoing. In 2005, Jefferson's private homes in Washington and New Orleans were raided, and FBI agents say they found $90,000 in cash stashed in one of his freezers. Officials say the money was part of a payment in marked bills from an FBI informant in a transaction captured on videotape. Jefferson also is accused of soliciting and receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for himself and his family in exchange for promoting their products and services to countries in Africa. Cao said he came to the United States at the age of 8 after his family fled Vietnam as it fell to communists. ""When I [was] 9 years old, I received a letter from my father while he was in the re-education camp,"" Cao said. ""He told me to study hard, to work hard and to give back to your country and to your community. So I hope to do that in Congress."""
"(CNN)  -- The Public Utility Commission of Texas will review the case of a cancer patient fighting to keep her electricity on to power her oxygen machine, the commission told CNN on Wednesday. Mable Randon, who has stage 4 cancer, was denied help paying for electricity, which she needs to power her oxygen tank. CNN affiliate KHOU of Houston, Texas, said calls poured in from as far away as Connecticut after the station aired its story on Mable Randon, a stage 4 cancer patient who received a cutoff notice after she fell behind on her bills. ""I'm on a set income,"" she told KHOU. ""My husband lost his job. He finds a little work every now and then, but it's hard."" She applied to CenterPoint Energy's Critical Care Program which helps maintain service for people who depend on electric-powered life support systems, but she was rejected. ""I'm fighting for my life, and I thought people at the power company would help me,"" said Randon, who uses a wheelchair. ""I just thought they'd make some kind of exception for me."" Randon's power will stay on until the commission examines the facts in the case, said Terry Hadley, spokesman for the commission. CenterPoint told Randon she failed to meet the criteria. Spokeswoman Alicia Dixon told KHOU that Randon could have bought a battery-powered oxygen machine. The critical care program has thousands of applicants, and only 300 of them have been accepted, she said. ""This program is a communication program, not a guarantee of uninterrupted power, even to customers who are on the list,"" she said. Since the rejection, Randon said she is ""up and down all night,"" partly because she is worried about whether the power will be on when she wakes up. ""They have no consideration for life,"" she said. ""It's just like they don't care."" CenterPoint spokeswoman Leticia Lowe said the company does not send electric bills; it merely owns the wires and poles and is directed to disconnect power by retail electric providers. Randon's electric company is Freedom Power, she said. CNN's attempts to contact Freedom Power were unsuccessful Wednesday. As of Tuesday, CenterPoint had not received a notice from Freedom Power to disconnect Randon's service, Lowe said. Following the KHOU report, CenterPoint received calls from viewers, she said. But the company can do nothing since they don't bill Randon. CNN's Divina Mims contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The Egyptian cabinet is scheduled to meet Tuesday to discuss an agreement between political groups and the ruling military council on election policies, the status of the country's unpopular emergency law and other issues. Some activists said the agreement doesn't go far enough to meet the demands of the popular uprising that led to the end of country's longstanding regime, while other political groups said the agreement represented progress. The agreement, reached Saturday, includes promises to open more Egyptian parliament seats to political parties and consider canceling the country's emergency law. The agreement also includes a promise to consider abolishing military tribunals and to consider adopting a 1952 law that opposition groups hope would prevent former President Hosni Mubarak's National Democratic Party from having a role in national politics for up to 10 years. Also included are plans to draft a document to guide the creation of a new constitution and a call for presidential elections following a national referendum on adopting the new ruling document. The coalition of parties had also sought an agreement to hold presidential elections immediately after parliamentary voting scheduled for November, as well as a promise to hand control to a civilian government next year. The deal failed to go far enough, said Mona Seif, a founding member of the No to Military Tribunals movement, who called the decision by a majority of party representatives little more than ""treachery."" ""These parties were fooled if they think they accomplished something,"" said Seif, who called for renewed protests against the military council. The agreement comes amid rising dissatisfaction with the council, which took control in February after widespread popular demonstrations forced Mubarak to step aside. Following an attack on the Israeli embassy in Giza this month, the council reinstated the widely unpopular emergency law that many in the opposition felt was used by Mubarak to suppress dissent. Despite the concerns, the agreement is a ""positive step toward true democracy,"" said Esam El Erian, the spokesman for the Freedom and Justice Party and a leading figure in the Muslim Brotherhood. ""Yes, abolishing the emergency law was a main demand of the January 25th revolution and the council promised to abolish it, but the reality on the ground is that there are many forces debating including former members of the regime that come in different faces."" El Erian said. Military leaders plan more meetings with political parties to iron out more differences, said Major Alaa Iraqi, a spokesman for the Supreme Council. ""Pleasing everyone is impossible,"" Iraqi said."
"(CNN) -- President Barack Obama's vision of a new ""Sputnik moment"" for the United States carried echoes of a new ""New Frontier."" If not the Kennedy-era agenda, at least the song by Steely Dan co-founder Donald Fagen. Or perhaps another Fagen tune, ""I.G.Y.,"" with its visions of trains of ""graphite and glitter"" and cities powered by the sun. Obama coupled his pitch with an appeal to a nation groaning under an unemployment rate over 9 percent -- a vision of new technologies, fostered in part by government investment, bringing new jobs. Hearkening back to the stunning 1957 news that the Soviet Union had beaten America into space by launching the first artificial satellite into Earth orbit, Obama said the United States ""had no idea"" how to respond at first. ""The science wasn't even there yet. NASA didn't exist,"" he said in his State of the Union speech Tuesday night. ""But after investing in better research and education, we didn't just surpass the Soviets; we unleashed a wave of innovation that created new industries and millions of new jobs."" Fact Check: What did the Space Race do for the economy? -- Plenty, according to most experts. The space program helped spur the miniaturization of electronics that fueled the computer revolution and spawned the Internet. Other products whose development has been linked to the space program range from cordless drills to car navigation systems. -- The U.S. semiconductor industry grew rapidly from its origins in the late 1940s, ""greatly aided"" by NASA and similar military technology, a 1983 Rutgers University analysis of the industry noted. Today, the industry boasts U.S. sales of $115 billion and employs more than 200,000 people, according to the Semiconductor Industry Association. -- The commercial satellite industry, meanwhile, was nonexistent before the 1960s. By 2003, commercial space revenue had topped $90 billion in businesses that employed more than 576,000 people, according to a 2005 paper for the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. -- At a 2009 conference in Washington, George Washington University space policy researcher Henry Hertzfeld estimated the space economy at $250 billion, roughly half of which was commercial. But he said the true size was difficult to calculate. Bottom line: . Obama is correct in describing the space program as a boost to nascent U.S. industries. But the goal he set Tuesday night is just the first stage in what is likely to be a tough debate about the role of government in the economy. CNN's Matt Smith and Katie Glaeser contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Carlos Sainz claimed a record 23rd stage win at the Dakar Rally on Friday, but the Spaniard's title reign in the car category is coming to a close. The 48-year-old overtook race legend Stephane Peterhansel for overall victories as he claimed his sixth in the 33rd edition of the endurance event, but he trails Volkswagen teammate Nasser Al-Attiyah by more than an hour ahead of the final leg going into Buenos Aires. Sainz's challenge came unstuck on Thursday when he suffered a broken suspension in the 11th leg between Chilecito and San Juan in Argentina, allowing teammate Ginier De Villiers to move up into second overall. The South African was second in Friday's penultimate stage ahead of Al-Attiyah, but is almost 50 minutes behind the Qatari -- who is almost assured his maiden victory at the event after finishing runner-up last year. ""It really was the hardest stage of my life, because I had to keep concentrated and not make any mistakes,"" the 40-year-old Al-Attiyah told the race's website. Fear and loathing in South America . ""Sometimes I was going fast, sometimes slow, because I needed to keep my concentration and keep the same pace, but it was okay. We finished the stage without any problems and I'm really quite happy."" Spain's Marc Coma is similarly in pole position to clinch a third title in the motorbike category after winning his fourth stage this year by 37 seconds from defending champion Cyril Depres. Coma has an overall advantage of more than 16 minutes from the Frenchman, who is also riding for the KTM team. ""Today was complicated due to all the rain that fell last night. As a result, it was a very technical stage, like in endurance racing. But it went fine,"" Coma told the race's website. ""There is still a 190-kilometer stage left to race tomorrow. Normally, there shouldn't be any complications, but we still need to race them, it's there to be done."" Defending truck champion Vladimir Chagin is on course for his seventh title after claiming his sixth stage win, leaving him more than 31 minutes ahead of fellow Russian and Kamaz-Master teammate Firdaus Kabirov. In the quad bikes, last year's runner-up Alejandro Patronelli is poised for his maiden triumph as he holds an even bigger lead ahead over fellow Argentine Sebastian Halpern, one of his Yamaha teammates. Halpern was second on Friday, while Patronelli was back in fourth eight minutes adrift."
"(CNN) -- Lionel Messi inspired Argentina as the two-time world champions came from behind to defeat Colombia 2-1 in a South American World Cup qualifying clash on Tuesday. Argentina went 1-0 down in Barranquilla after 44 minutes, when midfielder Javier Mascherano inadvertently deflected Dorlan Pabon's shot into his own net. But La Albiceleste rallied in the second half, with two-time world player of the year Messi equalizing after 60 minutes when Colombia goalkeeper David Ospina failed to gather Jose Sosa's cross. Substitute Sergio Aguero stole all three points for Argentina with six minutes remaining. The Manchester City striker was first to react when Ospina parried a shot from Real Madrid's Gonzalo Higuain, with Barcelona star Messi involved in the build-up. How should football tackle racism? The result kept Argentina second in the nine-team South American qualifying group, level on seven points with 2011 Copa America winners Uruguay and third-placed Venezuela. Uruguay have a game in hand over both rivals, having played only three qualifiers. ""It was hard,"" Messi, who was awarded the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2010 and is nominated for the accolade again this year, said after the match. ""We did not deserve to go a goal behind, as they were not better than us. ""Sometimes you play better, and other times you have to fight harder. This game was one of those days."" Ronaldo nets double as Portugal reach Euro 2012 . Venezuela joined Argentina on two wins, a draw and a defeat after beating Bolivia 1-0, with defender Oswaldo Vizcarrondo heading the only goal in the 23rd minute. The defeat left visiting Bolivia rock bottom with just one point from four matches. Ecuador moved into the fourth and final automatic qualifying spot courtesy of a 2-0 win over Peru in Quito. Midfielder Edison Mendez broke the deadlock in the 69th minute after being set up by striker Christian Benitez. Benitez, who plays his club football with Mexican outfit America, sealed Ecuador's triumph with a close-range strike in the closing minutes to keep his side unbeaten for 34 years in World Cup ties against Peru. Chile climbed above Colombia into fifth place and the one playoff berth after a 2-0 success against Paraguay. Claudio Borghi's team lost 4-0 to Uruguay last week, but Chile responded positively and took the lead through defender Pablo Contreras on 27 minutes. Fullback Matias Campos sealed victory with five minutes left, as Chile moved onto six points. The qualifying group usually has 10 countries, but Brazil's place is already guaranteed as the hosts of the 2014 tournament, when Mano Menezes' team will seek a sixth title."
"(CNN) -- Three Americans rescued last week from captivity in the Colombian jungle left a medical center for their homes Saturday, hoping for some time out of the spotlight as they reconnect with loved ones. Left to right, Thomas Howes, Keith Stansell and Marc Gonsalves address reporters before flying home Saturday. Keith Stansell, Marc Gonsalves and Thomas Howes -- hostages of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia for more than five years -- left the Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas. ""There's family members that are waiting for us, and just imagine if you hadn't seen your family in 5 years,"" Stansell said, asking the media to allow the former captives some space. ""Let us go home and be family men again."" ""We're going to come out and we're going to talk, but right now, what we want to do is rest,"" Gonsalves said. All three were headed home to Florida, and Stansell and Howes flashed their new Florida driver's licenses before they boarded a plane. The three men had been undergoing a reintegration process at the medical center. FARC had held the three U.S. government contractors since February 2003 after their plane went down in a remote region of the South American country. They and former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt were among 15 hostages rescued on July 2 in a Colombian military operation. The three Americans arrived at Brooke Army Medical Center later that day. The three Americans urged the media not to forget the hundreds of other hostages still held by FARC. ""Don't forget the people that are still there,"" Stansell said. ""There are fellow hostages that are still there. Some have 10 years [as a hostage],"" he said. ""Right this minute, they're in chains, looking for food, and they're on the run. And their families haven't seen them in 10 years."" It is estimated that FARC holds some 750 hostages. The leftist rebel group took up arms in 1964 and grew from a rag-tag band of 48 fighters to a self-styled ""people's army"" of more than 21,000 combatants in 2001, according to Colombian government figures. The government now estimates the FARC fighting force has dwindled to around 8,000 after a wave of desertions. On Saturday, the rescued Americans talked of looking forward to spending time with their relatives. ""We're going to go home now. We're going to rest, we're going to unwind for about a month and a half,"" Gonsalves said."
"PESHAWAR, Pakistan (CNN) -- As a little girl, Maria Toor Pakay would beat up boys. Maria Toor Pakay has overcome unusual adversity to rank among the world's top 100 squash players. Now, she dispenses of anyone who takes her on within the walls of a squash court. Pakay, 18, is Pakistan's No. 1-ranked women's squash player. But what makes her story remarkable is that she hails from the country's tribal region of South Waziristan. The region, along the border with Afghanistan, is home to the Taliban. There, suicide attacks are a way of life. And the militants, bent on imposing a strict form of Islamic law, punish girls who attend school -- let alone play sports. ""They have no future,"" Pakay said. ""They spend their entire lives in four walls in their home. Their ability is destroyed."" But Pakay wasn't like most girls growing up. She sported a buzz cut and mixed with the boys. ""If someone argued with me, I used to beat them up,"" she said. ""I wanted them to obey me all the time."" Her father, Shams-ul-Qayum Wazir, knew early on that his daughter was different. ""I didn't want her talent to go to waste,"" he said. ""If I would've kept her in the village, all she could do was housekeeping.""  Watch Pakay talk about her life's mission  . So, Wazir packed up the family and moved to Peshawar, the capital of the North West Frontier Province. Here, Pakay picked up the racquet and swatted down the competition with ease -- first winning the Under-13 championship, then the Under-15, then the Under-17. In squash, players take turns hitting a ball to the front wall of a court, until one misses. Pakay, it turned out, rarely did. ""I thought nobody could beat me,"" she said. ""From the beginning when I played squash, I thought I could be a world champion."" Today, despite the lack of a sponsor and few resources, Pakay has gone pro -- and is ranked 91st in the world. Her father's sacrifice, she said, made her success possible. ""I think I have a great father -- so broad-minded,"" she said. For his part, Wazir -- a teacher -- was more circumspect. ""I sacrificed because I want to promote a message of peace,"" he said. ""If the tribal people pick up a racquet instead of a gun, there would be peace."""
"(CNN) -- Marisol Valles Garcia, the former police chief of Praxedis G. Guerrero, Mexico, who took office when she was just 20 years old, is in the United States, an official with Immigration and Customs Enforcement told CNN Monday. ""Marisol Valles Garcia is in the United States and she will have the opportunity to present the facts of her case before an impartial immigration judge. Absent a signed privacy waiver, there are no additional details,"" the official said. Authorities in the municipality of Praxedis last week denied published reports that she was in the United States and would seek asylum. Earlier Monday, Valles Garcia was fired because she failed to show up for work on the day that a personal leave she was given expired. At that time, town secretary Andres Morales told CNN he did not know anything about her whereabouts. There are reports that Valles Garcia left Mexico to seek asylum in the United States because of threats, but local authorities in Mexico have not confirmed that. Valles Garcia grabbed international attention last year when she took over the top job in a police force whose officers have been abducted and killed. City officials have said that Valles Garcia, a criminology student, was on personal leave because her 8-month-old baby is sick. They expected her back Monday. But because she didn't show up or ask for an extension, the mayor terminated Valles Garcia, according to a town news release. She had asked for a leave from March 2 to 7, the news release said. Valles Garcia was named police chief in October 2010. Over the weekend, several of her neighbors told CNN it is an open secret that she had fled to the United States. Many said they were afraid to give their names to a reporter, as violence related to drug cartels is rampant in the region. Last year, Valles Garcia was the only person who accepted the top police job. There was good reason for the fear. Around the time she took the post, a 59-year-old local mayor, Rito Grado Serrano, and his 37-year-old son, Rigoberto Grado Villa, were killed in a house in which they were hiding in nearby Ciudad Juarez. Another area mayor was killed in June. Nationwide, the Mexican government says there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006. CNN's Nick Valencia, Rafael Romo and journalist Edgar Roman contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- Iceland's voters overwhelmingly rejected a deal to pay billions of dollars it owes to the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, the Foreign Ministry said Sunday. With around 90 percent of votes counted, just over 93 percent said no and just under 2 percent said yes. Not enough votes remain to be counted to change the result. Some 62.5 percent of Iceland's roughly 200,000 register voters cast ballots, the ministry said. The referendum was on a law about repaying the Netherlands and UK, which helped savers in their own countries who lost money in a failed Icelandic Internet bank. The British and Dutch governments came up with more than $5 billion for bailing out people who lost money in Icesave -- an online retail bank branch of Landsbanki. That Icelandic bank failed in October 2008, along with two other banks in the country. Under a European Union directive, Iceland now owes compensation to Britain and the Netherlands. The Icelandic government has said it will honor its international obligations. Iceland's parliament passed a bill authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the funds, but President Olafur Ragnar Grimsson declined to sign it in January. He cited public disapproval, and in particular, an Internet petition signed by up to one-quarter of the electorate, as a reason for not signing the bill. He said there needed to be a national consensus in addressing the issue. That prompted Saturday's national referendum on the law. The Icelandic public widely disapproved of the deal, the government said in a fact sheet on the deal. ""There is widespread frustration over the claim on ordinary citizens in Iceland to pay the price for the irresponsible behavior of reckless bankers,"" it said. Magnus Arni Skulason, who campaigned against the bill, called the terms of the loan repayment unacceptable. ""Of course we feel empathy for those people that lost money,"" he said Saturday while voting was going on. ""We just want to get a more reasonable agreement,"" he told CNN. It is not clear what happens now that voters have said no to the loan guarantees. The International Monetary Fund loaned Iceland $2.1 billion in November, and said repaying the money to the British and Dutch governments was a requirement of the loan. Iceland has begun moves toward applying for European Union membership, which Britain and the Netherlands could block. Britain spent 2.3 billion ($3.69 billion) last year to cover the losses that British savers incurred when Icelandic banks collapsed. The Dutch government spent 1.3 billion ($1.87 billion) to cover bank losses in the country. The Icelandic government said it has ""clearly stated its intention to honor its international obligations and remains fully committed to implementing the bilateral loan agreements with the UK and the Netherlands."""
"(CNN) -- Six years ago, hip hop icon Wyclef Jean released a soulful tune called ""President,"" in which he fantasized about what it would be like to lead a country. That fantasy may come closer to reality when the Haitian-American recording artist announces exclusively on CNN's ""Larry King Live"" that he intends to run for president of Haiti. Jean, who had been an outspoken proponent for Haiti through his Yele Foundation, told CNN Tuesday that plans to make the major announcement on King's show Thursday night. Born in Haiti, Jean shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of The Fugees, a U.S.-based hip-hop and reggae group. He performs now as a solo artist. He was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the devastating earthquake there in January. He told CNN late last month that he has filled out the necessary paperwork to make a run at the country's highest office. In February, Jean said he has tried to promote Haitian issues in his work. ""I've always promoted Haiti in my music, since my first album with the Fugees where we talked about what Haitians are going through and about human rights for people around the world,"" Jean said. ""This is how we came in the game, we never thought we were going to be music stars because the topics we talked about were not very popular in mainstream music."" Jean said he was born in ""a small village in Port-au-Prince."" He moved to Brooklyn, New York, when he was nine, he said. ""I had never been inside an airplane before -- me and my brother looked out the window and saw nothing but a bunch of lights,"" said Jean. ""I told my brother, 'Look, we've arrived, it's the city of diamonds,' because it was shining so much."" Jean said he grew up in housing projects in Brooklyn, ""one of the roughest areas at the time."" He was able to grow from those humble beginnings to be a top recording star and now he says he will try to help rebuild his birthplace. iReporter: 'The dangers of a Wyclef presidency' The January 12 earthquake in Haiti killed more than 220,000 people, destroyed 60 percent of government infrastructure and left more than 180,000 homes uninhabitable. While little is known about Jean's political agenda, some of the lyrics from his song ""President"" may provide a sneak peek: . ""Instead of spending billions on the war. I can use that money, to feed the poor."""
"(CNN) -- It is the strange ""tail"" of Graeme Swann, his cat and a brush with the law that has made the England cricket team ""paws"" for thought before trash talking each other on Twitter. Swann, the world's top ranked spin bowler, appeared in court earlier this week charged with a drink-driving offence and it is the details that emerged during the hearing that provoked such mirth in England's dressing room. Nottingham magistrates court heard how the 31-year-old told police officers he had been to buy a screwdriver so he could release his cat who was trapped under the floorboards of his home. The trial was adjourned until October, but after the England team arrived in London to begin training ahead of the third Test with Pakistan, two of Swann's teammates joked about the affair on their Twitter accounts. Kevin Pietersen, England's flamboyant batsman, who was born and raised in South Africa, posted: ""2 hours with @Swannyg66 [Swann] this am and I'm still not having this 'cat' story!! Haha."" A short time after, Swann updated his account by tweeting: ""Such a shame my teammates are so remedial in their 'banter'. Must be because they're all south African..."" Fast bowler Jimmy Anderson, who has nearly 55,000 followers on Twitter, got in on the act too. He tweeted: ""Swanny has turned up this morning with a tag round his ankle. Not sure what that's for."" The players may have enjoyed their online banter but on the pitch England toiled on the opening day of the third Test against Pakistan at the Oval. England won the toss and chose to bat, hoping to add to their 2-0 series lead, but were dismissed for just 233 as Wahab Riaz took five wickets on his Test debut. Opening batsman Alastair Cook's miserable run of form continued as he was dismissed by Mohammad Asif for just six. Captain Andrew Strauss was Riaz's first victim as he was caught behind by Kamran Akmal for just 15, before the pace bowler went on to claim the scalps of Jonathan Trott, Pietersen, Eoin Morgan and Stuart Broad. Wicketkeeper Matt Prior gave England's total some respectability with a forceful 84 not out and he was ably assisted by Broad, who made 48. Saeed Ajmal trapped England's last batsman, Steve Finn, LBW as Pakistan dismissed the hosts with more than an hour's play remaining. Imran Farhat and Yasir Hameed started Pakistan's reply strongly, adding 48, before Farhat was bowled by Anderson in the final over of the day."
"(CNN) -- The gigolo former lover of Germany's richest woman has been jailed for six years after confessing to blackmailing her and other women out of millions of dollars, a court official said Monday. Helg Sgarbi has admitted blackmailing Germany's richest woman, Susanne Klatten. Susanne Klatten, the BMW heiress, complained to police last year that Helg Sgarbi had threatened to release pictures of them if she did not pay him nearly $60 million. Munich's state prosecutor Anton Winkler said Sgarbi, who was accused of blackmailing several wealthy women, had made a written confession which was read by his lawyer to the court. ""He confessed that he blackmailed the victims, told them untrue stories,"" Winkler told CNN. However, Sgarbi had not revealed what had happened to the estimated $12.5 million he had taken from his victims nor where the pictures had gone. ""It is really only half a confession. We asked him about where the money is, about accomplices and videos... and he refused to say anything about that,"" Winkler said. Authorities said Klatten, who is married with three children, had an affair with Sgarbi. He started to ask her for money, and she paid several million at first, but when she refused to provide more he threatened to send compromising videos to her husband and the media. Klatten went to the police in January 2008, telling them she was the victim of a fraud and blackmail. At the time, her spokesman, Joerg Appelhans, told CNN that Sgarbi's goal had always been to con her. ""She rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her,"" Appelhans said. Sgarbi's lawyer, Egon Geis, said he was surprised by all the media attention. ""This is all because of Mrs. Klatten, take the same amount of money and any other person and no one would care."" Sgarbi allegedly maintained relationships with a number of women, telling them he was a special Swiss representative in crisis zones. Klatten, the daughter of the late BMW chief Herbert Quandt, holds a 12.5-percent stake in the German carmaker and a 51.1-percent share of chemical company Altana. Forbes magazine lists her as the world's 55th richest person, with a personal fortune of $13.2 billion. CNN's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report."
(CNN) -- A second U.S. sailor who went missing in Afghanistan last week is dead, a Pentagon official said Thursday. Petty Officer 3rd Class Jarod Newlove, 25, of Renton, Washington, was one of two sailors involved in a firefight on Friday in eastern Afghanistan. They were traveling in Logar province when they were attacked, the military said. Deen Mohammad Darwish, a Logar province official, said Newlove's body was found in the Baraki Barak district of the province early on Wednesday. Newlove's family was notified the same day, the Pentagon official said. The sailor died of wounds he sustained from the firefight when the two sailors were captured, Darwish said. Newlove had five gunshot wounds, including one to the head, Darwish said. The government asked the local elders of the province to form a committee and talk to the Taliban in order to retrieve the missing sailor. Because of the negotiations with the elders, the Taliban gave the body back without submitting any demands, Darwish said. Afghan and coalition forces first recovered the remains of Petty Officer 2nd Class Justin McNeley, 30, of Wheatridge, Colorado, on Sunday. Petty had been listed as duty status whereabouts unknown. On Monday, Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said one American died in a firefight and the other was being held by the group. Mujahid said the two Americans were driving in a civilian vehicle in the village of Dasht, in Charkh district. The Taliban wanted to take both men alive, but the firefight broke out, killing one of the Americans, Mujahid said. The other was alive and being held in a safe location, he said at the time. Newlove's family released a statement through the Navy asking that the media release no details of the incident or information about the family. Darwish said he learned from locals that McNeley was killed. He said the body was found in the Patanak Mountains of Charkh district. He also said the vehicle the men were driving was located Sunday. There had been no immediate demands by the Taliban for the return of the Americans because the group was still deliberating what its demands would be, Mujahid said. CNN's Barbara Starr and Atia Abawi contributed to this report .
"(CNN) -- Vincenzo Montella has been appointed as the new coach of Italian club AS Roma after Claudio Ranieri handed in his resignation. Roma acted quickly after the departure of Ranieri, who quit after his side were beaten 4-3 by Genoa on Sunday, having led 3-0 six minutes into the second half. Montella, 36, scored 118 goals in 267 Serie A matches and netted 84 for Roma during a ten-year stint with the club. He joined Ranieri's coaching staff in 2009. ""AS Roma have, today, given first team duties to Mr Vincenzo Montella until the end of the current season,'' the club said in a statement. ""We are certain he will be able to put the team's quality together with his professionalism, dedication, enthusiasm and experience."" Ranieri offered his resignation shortly after Roma's defeat at Genoa -- their fourth in a row. They lost at home to Ukrainian side Shahktar Donetsk in the Champions League on Wednesday and head for the second leg trailing 3-2. After much speculation about Ranieri's future, AFP reported that the 59-year-old had told Italian news agency Ansa: ""I've always thought about the good of Roma and after a game such as today's I believe it's right to give a signal. ""After the final whistle I went into the changing rooms to thank the team and I decided to hand in my resignation,"" the Italian reportedly said. The club confirmed his departure in a statement on Monday: ''AS Roma announces it received yesterday evening the resignation of Mr Claudio Ranieri as coach of the first team. ""Following this move, the financial contract with Ranieri, whose deal was coming to an end on June 30, 2011, has ended by mutual consent. Roma wishes to thank Claudio Ranieri for the professionalism shown and the work done.'' Elsewhere, Raul Tamudo's goal was enough to help Real Sociedad past Mallorca and move them up to seventh in the Spanish Primera Liga. Tamudo struck on 55 minutes as he nodded a Daniel Estrada cross into the net. Mallorca stay 11th after their defeat. In England, West Ham powered through to the quarterfinals of the FA Cup with an emphatic 5-1 win over second division Burnley. The London club will now face Stoke in the last eight of the competition. Striker Carlton Cole scored twice while German midfielder Thomas Hitzelsperger also found the net on his debut."
"(CNN) -- Manchester City striker Emmanuel Adebayor has been handed a three-match suspension for his stamp on Arsenal's Robin Van Persie last weekend. Adebayor has also been charged for his goal celebration in last Saturday's defeat of Arsenal. The Togo captain decided not to challenge the charge of violent conduct, so received a fast-track punishment from the English Football Association, which means he will miss this weekend's Manchester derby. The 25-year-old still faces another charge, of improper conduct, relating to City's 4-2 Premier League victory against his former club on Saturday. Adebayor -- Hero or villain? Adebayor raced the length of the field at City's Eastlands stadium to celebrate in front of the visiting Arsenal supporters after scoring the third goal, and was pelted with items including a plastic seat. The hearing for the second charge has yet to be set by the FA.  Blog: Adebayor deserves to be banned . The ruling body said in a statement on Thursday: ""A regulatory commission today considered the charge of violent conduct issued against Manchester City's Emmanuel Adebayor under the fast-track disciplinary procedure following an incident with Robin van Persie during their fixture against Arsenal on September 12. ""Taking into consideration Mr Adebayor's acceptance of the charge of violent conduct, the regulatory commission have ordered that he serve a three-match suspension from all football, commencing September 17. ""A separate charge of improper conduct will be considered at a later date."" City have until September 30 to indicate whether the club and player will contest the second charge. As well as missing Sunday's eagerly-awaited trip to Old Trafford to face Premier League champions United, Adebayor will also sit out next Wednesday's League Cup tie at home to Fulham and the visit by West Ham to Eastlands on September 28. Adebayor has been a key figure since his $41 million summer switch from Arsenal, scoring in each of the club's first four Premier League games -- two of them being the only goal of the match -- to help the team to a 100 percent record. However, his ugly attack on the grounded Van Persie left his former teammate with facial injuries, and his ill-advised goal celebrations have only further alienated from Arsenal fans -- many of whom were happy that he left after the player publicly courted Barcelona and AC Milan last season. City manager Mark Hughes faces a striker crisis this weekend, with only Craig Bellamy of his front-line forwards likely to be available. Robinho, Roque Santa Cruz and Benjani have already been consigned to the injured list and Carlos Tevez is rated extremely doubtful to face his old club."
"(CNN) -- The maker of Benadryl and Tylenol has added another popular over-the-counter drug to its growing list of recalled products. The latest recall affects Tylenol 8-hour caplets 50 count, sold in the United States and Puerto Rico. The lot number is BCM155. Complaints of a musty or moldy odor led to the recall, McNeil Consumer Healthcare said. The odor, the company believes, is caused by the presence of trace amounts of a chemical called 2,4,6-tribromoanisole. McNeil said the ""risk of adverse medical events is remote."" Adverse event reports are consumer complaints of a serious side effect associated with the use of a medical product, according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Adverse events could include death, hospitalization, disability and other health complications. The Johnson and Johnson subsidiary said customers should call 1-888-222-6036 or use the website www.mcneilproductrecall.com for information on how to receive a refund or replacement product. The company has issued several recalls this year of non-prescription cold and pain drugs such as Tylenol, Benadryl and Motrin -- prompting a Congressional inquiry. In November, five lots of Tylenol Arthritis Pain 100 count with the EZ-open cap were recalled for unusual odor leading to nausea, stomach pain, vomiting and diarrhea. In December, the recall was expanded to include all product lots of Tylenol Arthritis Pain caplet 100 count bottles with the red EZ-open cap. In January, the recall was widened to an undisclosed number of Tylenol, Motrin and other over-the-counter drugs after complaints of consumers feeling sick from an odor. In May, 50 children's versions of these nonprescription medicines were also recalled because of quality and safety concerns. Following the pediatric medicine recall, Johnson and Johnson suspended production at McNeil's facility in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, that manufactured the children's drugs. Last month, Johnson and Johnson CEO William Weldon delivered both a mea culpa and clear admission to lawmakers that his company let the public down through numerous recent drug recalls."
"(CNN) -- Concerned about her family's finances, a university student in Australia cashed some long-forgotten lottery tickets this week -- hoping the money would help her parents. Have you ever won big after mislaying a lottery ticket? Tell us -- click on Sound Off below. She discovered their worries are over. The university student won $10 million (A$13 million) -- and helped solve a lottery mystery that has made headlines in Western Australia for 10 months. ""People had been wondering for months, who is this mystery winner? Do they know about this ticket?"" said Jodi Eastman, spokeswoman for Lotterywest, the state lottery. ""We have a 12 month expiry on lottery tickets. And people thought it might end up expiring and go unclaimed."" Have you ever won big on an old lottery ticket? Sound Off below . It would have, too, had the student -- who is in her 30s and asked lottery officials to keep her anonymous -- not woken up earlier this week, suddenly remembering the bundle of lottery tickets collecting dust in a drawer. She didn't know that among them was a gift from her father, who had purchased a ticket to test the family's luck when the Oz Lotto jackpot climbed to $39 (A$ 50 million) million last July. ""She said she thought, 'If I can win some money on these tickets, I can possibly help the family out,"" Eastman said. The first couple of tickets yielded small amounts -- $16 total. ""She was pretty excited,"" Eastman said. Then the woman had the clerk check the gift from her father. At first glance, she thought she'd won $10,000 (A$13,000). No, the retail store clerk told her, it's $10 million (A$13 million). ""I checked the commas and decimal places and then I realized,"" the woman told Lotterywest. ""I always remember Mum telling me that if I won the Lotto, not to start jumping up and down in the shopping center,"" she added. Had she waited two more months, she would have missed the fortune. The woman told lottery officials she's not planning a spending binge. ""The people close to me will be looked after and I might give some to research or a charity of some kind,"" she told Lotterywest. ""It's nice to have this much to fulfill my dreams and the dreams of the people around me."" The winning ticket cost $6.70 (A$8.70). The odds she beat: 1 in 45 million."
"(CNN) -- Tiger Woods has apologized after he was fined by the European Tour for spitting on the 12th green during the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic. The world number three endured a torrid Sunday and was caught on camera spitting near the hole after missing a par putt when playing with Sergio Garcia, from Spain. Woods has been fined an undisclosed amount after European Tour officials reviewed footage of the incident. The former world number one took to Twitter on Monday to express his remorse: ""The Euro Tour is right -- it was inconsiderate to spit like that and I know better. Just wasn't thinking and want to say I'm sorry."" Woods flops as Quiros aces his way to Dubai victory . He added: ""Everyone was terrific all week, fans especially. Dubai is always a fantastic host. Just wish the week could have ended better."" A spokesman for the European Tour told CNN: ""The tournament director, Mike Stewart, feels there has been a Breach of the Tour Code of Conduct and consequently Tiger Woods will be fined."" Woods went into the final round on Sunday just one shot off the lead but struck a three-over-par 75 to sink down the leaderboard. It was his worst round as a professional on a regular European Tour event and he finished in 20th place. He was visibly irritated as it became clear his 14-month title drought was set to continue and afterwards described his play as ""very frustrating"" on the European Tour's official website. ""I got off to such a poor start -- I was two-over through three early and just couldn't make it up from there. ""But there were quite a few positives this week. Also a couple of glaring examples of what I need to work on, which is good. I'll go to work next week."" The tournament was eventually won by Spain's Alvaro Quiros, who carded a hole-in-one during his round of 68 to finish on 11-under. Woods' next appearance will be at the Accenture World Match Play Championship in Tuscon, Arizona. Meanwhile, D.A. Points recorded his first PGA Tour victory Sunday, taking the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am title alongside playing partner, actor Bill Murray. Points finished with a five-under-par round of 67 to finish on 15-under for the tournament -- two clear of Hunter Mahan."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Supreme Court is backing Ohio elections officials in an ongoing dispute over allegations of voter registration fraud. Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner filed the emergency appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court. The justices in an unsigned opinion Friday blocked a lower court order directing the Ohio Secretary of State -- a Democrat -- to update the state's voter registration database after information provided by some newly registered voters did not match up with Social Security and driver registration numbers. The state Republican party had asked for enforcement of a temporary restraining order, but the justices ultimately denied that request. The appeal, from Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner and other elections officials, follows a Tuesday ruling from the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati that sided with the state GOP. It ordered Brunner to create a system by Friday to provide a list of newly registered voters whose Social Security numbers or driver's license numbers do not match their names. By reversing the lower courts decision, Brunner said in a statement that the Supreme Court's had ""protected the voting rights of all Ohioans, allowing our bipartisan elections officials to continue preparing for a successful November election. ""We filed this appeal to protect all Ohio voters from illegal challenges and barriers that unfairly silence the votes of some to the advantage of others,"" she said. The state Republican Party contends that there is widespread voter fraud in Ohio -- a crucial battleground state for the 2008 presidential election -- and that Brunner ""turned off"" its process for verifying voter registrations while allowing Ohioans to cast ballots on the same day they registered. In reaction to the high court's decision state GOP Chairman Bob Bennett said in a statement, ""This decision was made on a technicality, not on the merits of the case."" ""We are again calling on the Secretary of State to comply with federal law by providing clear instructions to election administrators on how to handle questionable voter registration forms,"" Bennett said. Bennett had accused Brunner of concealing fraudulent voter registrations in hopes of swinging the state to Sen. Barack Obama, the Democratic presidential candidate. Brunner's office has acknowledged that preliminary information provided by about 200,000 registered voters may not match up. Brunner said Tuesday she had prepared for the appeals court's ""possible adverse decision"" ahead of time by announcing plans to ""further improve the statewide voter registration database."" The appeals court opinion called Ohio's current system ""virtually useless"" and said it does ""nothing to address the anti-fraud objective."""
"(CNN) -- Former rugby superstar Jonah Lomu has revealed that he is poised to make a shock playing comeback at the age of 34 with French third-division club Marseille Vitrolles. Jonah Lomu pictured in action for New Zealand's All Blacks during the 1999 World Cup in France. The giant New Zealander, who became a global name after an electrifying series of performances on the wing for the All Blacks at the 1995 World Cup, retired in 2007 after a succession of injuries hampered his attempt to return following a kidney transplant. He played 63 internationals, the last of them in 2002, but was never able to regain his previous dominance even after regaining full health. ""Marseille Vitrolles is on the point of finalizing the transfer of the greatest legend in world rugby,"" said statement on the club's Web site. Lomu, who is featuring in a new worldwide advertising campaign for sportswear manufacturer adidas called ""Nothing Is Impossible"", was also quoted as confirming his desire to return to the playing field. ""I took a sabbatical year to be at my pregnant partner's side and to fully enjoy this important moment in any man's life,"" he said on the Web site. ""Everyone thought I had ended my playing career, but that was wrong. I still feel the desire to play and it will be me alone who decides when to call it a day. ""My ambition is to help a club like Marseille join the group of top clubs in France."" Lomu was first diagnosed with nephrotic syndrome, a rare and serious kidney disorder, at the end of 1996. He successfully returned to the game after treatment, but in May 2003 he was put on dialysis three times a week due to deterioration in his kidney function, with the treatment's side effects leaving him with severe nerve damage in his feet and legs. Lomu faced life in a wheelchair if a kidney transplant was not performed, so underwent the operation. He signed a two-year contract with New Zealand province North Harbour in 2005, and also played for Welsh club Cardiff Blues during the southern hemisphere's off-season. However, he was unable to achieve his goal of being selected in the All Blacks squad for the 2007 World Cup in France, having suffered a shoulder injury. Lomu agreed to play in a charity match in England last year, but withdrew after injuring his ankle in training."
"(CNN) -- From Captain Kirk on ""Star Trek"" to Denny Crane on ""Boston Legal,"" William Shatner has been a fixture on television for decades. William Shatner has a new talk show and has written an autobiography. Even as his latest series comes to an end, the actor is busier than ever. He has written an autobiography, ""Up Till Now,"" and he has a new talk show -- ""Shatner's Raw Nerve"" on the Biography channel --billed as an ""edgy and off-beat celebrity interview series."" Shatner talked with CNN's Kyra Phillips about his career, past and present. CNN: ""Boston Legal,"" what a finale: a wedding between Denny and fellow lawyer and best friend Alan. Don't they know that Proposition 8 [passed]? Shatner: It was all a financial guise, as you learned to your dismay. There was nothing sexual about our marriage. It was all designed to bequeath my fortune to him as [my character] got ready to die. CNN: ""Boston Legal"" was a brilliant show: the writing, your famous wit. You must have had a blast doing the show. Shatner: We laughed our way through five years of great joy, great entertainment, and we got some wonderful awards during the years and the beauty of it all was that when we came in this season, we knew we were going to do 13 shows and be out. So the writing reflected the fact that we knew we were ending and it wrapped the whole show up. CNN: I cannot believe you have a porn queen [Jenna Jameson] on your talk show. Shatner: We like to call her an adult film star. She turns out to be highly sensitive, vulnerable. ... This is a remarkable interview of a woman who is terribly vulnerable and expresses it. It was so good, we're doing a two-parter. CNN: Who has been your favorite leading lady? Shatner: They go down in the hoary mists of history. The effects of age -- they all meld into one and it looks like my wife. CNN: You reveal a lot in your book. Who would you say your ultimate mentor has been through your life? Shatner: I've thought about that over the years and it comes up that I don't have anybody who ever mentored me, ever was particularly interested in furthering my career. I had to do it stumbling around, trying to do it as most people do themselves."
"Bangkok, Thailand (CNN) -- Anti-government protesters poured a small amount of blood at the headquarters of the government in Bangkok on Tuesday, but the demonstration did not live up to their threat to douse the ministers' offices in blood. The protesters had launched a blood drive earlier to collect enough samples for the demonstration. Thousands of ""red shirts"" -- so named for their clothing -- held out their forearms to allow their compatriots to draw blood. The protesters intended to collect 1,000 liters (1 million cubic centimeters) and then throw the blood on the grounds of the Government House, which houses ministerial offices, at 6 p.m. (7 a.m. ET). ""Red shirts"" rally in Bangkok: Share your photos . If Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva still refuses to dissolve parliament, the demonstrators said they will collect another 1,000 liters of blood Wednesday and splash it on the headquarters of the ruling party. The next day, they will collect 1,000 more liters and target the prime minister's residence, the demonstrators said. What are the protests about? Abhisit has repeatedly said he will listen to the protesters but will not accede to their demands. The anti-government demonstrations began Friday. By Sunday, tens of thousands of protesters had poured into the center of Bangkok. The rallies have been largely peaceful. Abhisit has said his government will not use force to quell the demonstrations. The nation's tourism minister estimated the demonstrations might have resulted in a 20 percent drop in tourists. The impact on Chinese visitors appears to have been greater, with the Chinese Chamber of Commerce reporting a 50 percent cancellation rate. The protesters are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006. Thaksin was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full term and remains hugely popular. He fled the country in 2008 while facing trial on corruption charges that he says were politically motivated. The protesters say Abhisit was not democratically elected and have demanded that he call new elections. Since Thaksin's ouster, Thailand has endured widespread political unrest that has pitted Thaksin loyalists against Abhisit supporters. Two people were killed and at least 135 wounded in riots in April 2009 when protesters clashed with demonstrators supporting the government. CNN's Kocha Olarn and Dan Rivers contributed to this report ."
"Moscow, Russia (CNN) -- A Russian lawmaker is calling for a special investigation into a top intelligence official's alleged release of information on a Russian spy ring in the United States. The deputy chairman of the Russian parliament's security committee wants a special commission to analyze how information on the Russian agent got out, said Alyona Zhukova, a spokeswoman for lawmaker Gennady Gudkov's office. Zhukova said the lawmaker had confirmed a newspaper report identifying a colonel in Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service as the source who tipped off U.S. officials. And the lawmaker sees the information as a significant blow to the image of Russia's intelligence network, she said. The article, published in the respected Russian newspaper Kommersant Thursday, said ""the betrayer,"" known as ""Colonel Shcherbakov,"" fled Russia three days before Russia's president arrived in the U.S. for meetings with President Barack Obama -- just days before ring was broken up. Neither the U.S. State Department nor the Central Intelligence Agency would comment on the report. The paper quotes a source who says the U.S., fearing that the Russian intelligence agency would pull its agents from the U.S., rounded them up and arrested them. In July, 10 Russian agents were handed over by the United States in exchange for four Russian prisoners. The article in Kommersant says Shcherbakov, who was identified only by last name, headed up the branch of the Foreign Intelligence Service that oversees agents working abroad undercover but without diplomatic credentials. ""We know who he is and where he is. He betrayed either for the money or he was caught for something. And there's no doubt that there is a Mercader has been sent for him,"" an unidentified source was quoted as telling Kommersant. Mercader was an assassin sent by Stalin to Mexico to kill Leon Trotsky in 1940. ""He doesn't have an enviable fate,"" the source tells the paper. ""He will drag this with him for the rest of his life and every day he will fear vindication."" The paper says that Shcherbakov was present in the facility in the U.S. where one of the spies arrested this summer was held. It claims he also took the files on one of those spies with him to the United States. The colonel's son also fled Russia for the United States not long before the spies were arrested, according to the paper. CNN's Arkady Irshenko, Jill Dougherty and Anastasia Anashkina contributed to this report."
(CNN) -- Villarreal were denied the chance to return to the top of Spain's La Liga after an incident-packed 2-2 draw at promoted Hercules on Monday night in which three players were sent off. Hercules led 2-1 with goals from new signings Nelson Valdez and David Trezeguet, but the latter was sent off just before halftime and Villarreal leveled through Borja Valero -- who later left the field for a second yellow card before defender Mateo Musacchio received a straight red. The visitors, who would have moved a point clear of Real Madrid with victory in Alicante, hit the post early on through Brazilian striker Nilmar but fell behind in the 26th minute when Paraguay striker Valdez scored following Royston Drenthe's free-kick. Spain full-back Joan Capdevila equalized from close range three minutes later following a low Angel Lopez cross, then teammate Giuseppe Rossi hit the post. However, Trezeguet pounced to net his fourth league goal since arriving from Juventus when Villarreal could not clear Drenthe's right-wing cross, but the 33-year-old former France star was dismissed for two quickfire yellow cards for dissent after Valero fouled Valdez. Villarreal made their extra man pay off just after the hour mark when Valero drilled in a right-foot low shot after home goalkeeper Jose Calatayud blocked efforts from Nilmar  and Rossi. Villarreal wasted several more chances before losing Valero in the 81st minute when the on-loan midfielder was booked for handball, then three minutes later Musacchio brought down Drenthe with the Argentine ruled to be the last line of defense. That gave Hercules the advantage, but Drenthe and Abraham Paz were denied in injury-time by goalkeeper Diego Lopez. The result left Villarreal in second place above Barcelona and Valencia on goal difference, with all three teams having 16 points from seven matches. Hercules are 10th in the 20-team league, with eight points -- nine behind Real and above Real Mallorca, Sporting Gijon and Levante on goal difference. Meanwhile, Blackburn Rovers survived the first-half dismissal of key defender Christopher Samba to earn a 0-0 draw at home to Sunderland in Monday's only English Premier League clash. The Congo international was sent off in the third minute of injury-time after bringing down Sunderland's on-loan striker Danny Welbeck just outside the penalty area. The draw -- Sunderland's fifth in a row -- left both teams just three points above the bottom three after eight games.
"Conakry, Guinea (CNN) -- Both candidates contending in Guinea's much-delayed runoff presidential elections called for calm from their supporters and traded accusations over the weekend after the runoff was postponed for the fourth time. The West African nation's election was due on Sunday but was delayed indefinitely on Friday for technical reasons by new electoral commission head Gen. Siaka Toumani Sangare, a Malian national. Fighting between supporters of the rival candidates Cellou Dalein Diallo and Alpha Conde continued on Friday night and Saturday morning after Diallo's supporters claimed they were attacked by Conde's RPG supporters and Conde's supporters said they were sold poisoned water and yogurt at a large rally in the capital Friday afternoon. Both candidates called news conferences Saturday to give their side of the story and call their activists to calm. Two people were killed on Tuesday and dozens injured in clashes between supporters of Diallo's UFDG and police. Senior party members also said that one of its supporters was killed and another left in a coma after violence between UFDG and RPG loyalists on Thursday. That violence continued into the weekend, and there were reports of security forces firing at civilians and raping at least one girl in Conakry's impoverished suburbs. Experts and political leaders are worried about the prospect of ethnic polarization, as support for both parties is divided along ethnic lines. The two largest ethnic groups, Peul and Malink form the principle bases of support for Diallo's UFDG party and Conde's RPG party respectively. ""What worries us is the excessive tribalization of the debate and the violence,"" Diallo said to reporters on Saturday. Diallo's party also sees the Guinean state as biased against their party and complicit in the recent violence that has engulfed the capital. ""We need to be extremely careful because our country runs a big risk when politicians at the highest levels act they way they are acting today,"" Faya Minimono, a senior official of Diallo's UFDG party said Saturday. The U.N. Office for the High Commissioner for Human Rights released a statement Friday condemning what it saw as ""excessive force"" and ethnic-based violence carried out by Guinea security forces during the week. ""Some members of the security forces appear to be making threats, and even carrying out assaults, based on people's ethnicity or political affiliation,"" the report said. Guinea, a former French colony, has never had a free and fair presidential election in its 52-year history. A military junta has ruled the country since taking power in a coup after the death of longtime autocrat Lansana Conte in December 2008."
"(CNN) -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal set up a semifinal showdown with Andy Murray after winning his third successive match at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London on Friday. The Spaniard overcame sixth seed Tomas Berdych 7-6 (7-3) 6-1 to repeat his victory over the Czech in the Wimbledon final in July. Third seed Novak Djokovic will play No. 2 Roger Federer in Saturday evening's second semifinal after handing American Andy Roddick his third successive defeat in Friday's closing match of the round-robin stage. The 24-year-old, who needed to win just one set to progress, completed his seventh straight win over Berdych despite losing his cool with an umpiring call. Nadal was infuriated when Berdych was allowed to challenge a decision in the 12th game and was given the point as his backhand was shown to touch the line and not be long. Nadal calmed himself down after a long, heated exchange with the umpire and held serve before winning the tie-break comfortably and then racing away with the second set to reach the last four of the event for the first time. Behind the scenes at the ATP Finals . ""It was a very important victory because every day I'm playing a little better and today I played a great match. It's going to be a really, really difficult match against Andy,"" he told the crowd after ending Berdych's hopes of progressing. Nadal has never won an indoor hardcourt tournament, and failed to win a set at the O2 Arena last year. He has beaten Murray eight times in their 12 meetings, but lost to the British player on hardcourt in Toronto in August and retired hurt on the same surface during their Australian Open last-16 clash in January. Nadal won their first two hardcourt meetings in 2007 but they went 2-2 last year. In Friday's final Group A match, Djokovic needed to win only one set to earn a clash with Group B winner Federer. Roddick, who lost his first two games, needed to win in straight sets to go through as runner-up. He had won his past four encounters with Djokovic, three of them being two-setters. But it was the Serbian who prevailed with the minimum of fuss, winning 6-2 6-3 as he suffered none of the contact lens problems that hampered him in his earlier defeat by Nadal. ""It's definitely a great achievement to get to the semifinals. It's great for the tournament to have the top four guys in the semifinals,"" the 23-year-old, who walked out to the court wearing a joke eye patch, told the crowd afterwards."
"(CNN) -- Ian Poulter struck a flawless round of 60 to seize the lead at the halfway stage of the Hong Kong Open. The Englishman's ten-under-par round was a career best and catapulted him to the top of the leaderboard on 13-under -- one shot in front of American Anthony Kang, who hit a 61. Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy looked to be on course for a share of the lead until he tarnished his superb round with a double bogey at the last. But it was Poulter who led the way with ten birdies, including five in a row from hole seven. The 34-year-old hit some sparkling shots, including an approach to within three feet on the 11th, a 15 foot birdie putt on 13 and a 12-foot putt at the next. Despite his stellar performance, the European Ryder Cup star still felt he could have got under the 60 barrier. ""It is one of those courses where if you can get off to a good start you really feel you can shoot a good number,"" he told the European Tour website. ""I had five birdies from the seventh and as soon as that happened I felt there were plenty of chances coming in. I am happy but slightly disappointed."" Poulter's Ryder Cup teammate McIlroy should have hit the summit but after five birdies and an eagle, he dropped two shots at the last after finding a bunker and then water to sit on 11-under. McIlroy said: ""The great thing about this golf course is the front nine is a bit tricky and the back nine offers you chances. ""You have to make yourself stay patient. It's only Friday, and I had to keep myself under control out there. ""He (Poulter) is playing very well and he'll be tough to beat this week. I'll just have to go out this weekend and try and play really well."" Kang smashed in nine birdies in his round, while U.S. Open winner Graeme McDowell is on ten-under after a five-under round of 65. He is battling to overtake Martin Kaymer in the European Tour's Race to Dubai standings before next week's season-ending Dubai World Championships. He said: ""It is tough not to get frustrated with this golf course because you feel you should birdie every hole. You have got to make yourself stay patient."""
"(CNN) -- Folashade Abugan is the third Nigerian athlete to have failed a drugs test at the Commonwealth Games in India, where she won two silver medals, it was revealed on Friday. Abugan, who came second in the women's 400 meters last week and the 4x400m relay on Tuesday, has been stripped of both of her medals after testing positive for the banned anabolic substance testosterone prohormone. The 20-year-old, who was world junior champion in 2008, has waived her right to have her ""B"" sample tested, the Commonwealth Games Federation said a day after the four-yearly event finished in New Delhi. ""Folashade Abugan returned an adverse analytical finding from a test conducted on October 8, 2010, after competing in the women's 400 meter final,"" the CGF said in a statement. The news comes as a blow to the Nigeria team, who were already reeling following the failed tests of both women's 100m champion Osayemi Oludamola and Samuel Okon, who came sixth in the men's 110m hurdles. That duo tested positive for the banned stimulant methylhexanamine. The CGF statement also said Abugan has admitted liability for the failed test, and she has been disqualified from all the events she participated in. ""Ms Abugan wrote to the CGF waiving her rights to have her ""B"" sample analyzed and a hearing, as provided for within the CGF Anti-Doping Standard (ADS). She also admitted liability. ""She has been disqualified from all events she participated in during the Games, with the results nullified. This includes her silver medal in the women's 400 meters. ""As she was also a member of her country's second placed 4x400m relay team, that result is also nullified."" The silver medal she obtained in the 400m will now go to Aliann Tabitha Pompey of Guyana, with Christine Amertil of the Bahamas being promoted into the bronze medal position. England's quartet of Kelly Massey, Victoria Barr, Meghan Beesley and Nadine Okyere have been elevated to second position in the 4x400m relay, with Canada's Amonn Nelson, Adrienne Power, Vicki Tolton and Carline Muir now claiming bronze."
"San Francisco (CNN) -- Intel, which dominates the PC market but has struggled to break into smartphones, is getting a hand from Google. Upcoming versions of Android, the No. 1 smartphone operating system from Google, will be compatible with Intel processors, the companies announced at Intel's developer conference on Tuesday. ""We want to make Intel architecture the platform of choice for smartphones,"" Intel CEO Paul Otellini said onstage. ""Every time we have collaborated with Google, good things have come out of it."" The partnership will aid Intel in delivering on its promise to finally release smartphones with its technologies by the middle of 2012. Google may benefit from accommodating a company that has significant influence in computers, which is the market Google is struggling to break into with its Chromebook project. The two companies already collaborate on that laptop operating system. ""The partnership has been great,"" said Andy Rubin, Google's executive for mobile development, who took the stage at Intel's conference to announce the deal. In his keynote, Otellini touted Intel's Ultrabook concept, which the company has been reportedly nudging partners to embrace. The laptop concept facilitates very thin, light and affordable computers with batteries that can last for about a full day on a single charge. They look similar to Apple's MacBook Air, which uses Intel's Core processor. Otellini also discussed a new processor, slated for 2013, called Haswell. Devices with the chip can remain connected to the Internet in standby mode for 10 days before the battery depletes, he said. Haswell will be tailored to Ultrabooks and tablets running Windows 8, the new operating system Microsoft was showing at the same time at its own conference in Anaheim, California. ""Computing means a lot more than just computers,"" Otellini said. ""Just as computing has evolved, so too has Intel's architecture."" Intel's recent focus on reducing energy consumption, thereby improving battery life, should bolster its efforts in smartphones, analysts say. The company is also working on more compact chips, which it is calling ""3-D transistors"" because of the unique way the microscopic parts are situated. Google and Intel did not say which chip will power upcoming Android phones or which manufacturers have agreed to make devices for it. Most smartphones and tablets use chips designed by ARM Holdings, which are popular for their efficiency. The next version of Android for phones and tablets, called Ice-Cream Sandwich, will debut next month or in November, Google has said."
"(CNN) -- A sailor has described her ""miraculous"" escape after a whale leapt out of the water and crash-landed on the deck of her boat off the coast of South Africa. Paloma Werner, 50, of the Cape Town Sailing Academy, and her partner Ralph Mothes had been watching the whale from a distance in Table Bay, near Cape Town harbor, when it moved toward their 10-meter vessel and breached 20 meters away. Southern right whales are a common sight in Cape Town waters during the breeding season from June to November, drawing whale watchers to the region. Werner said the couple -- both experienced sailors -- expected the creature to go under the boat before re-emerging on the other side. ""I looked around and I saw this huge whale coming out of the water and smashing against the side of the boat,"" Werner told CNN. ""The whale slipped back into the water but we just saw the mast with all its rigging and everything flying towards us, and that was scary, actually."" Werner said Mothes ducked behind the steering wheel which bore the impact of the mast. And while the masts need replacing, Werner said the steel structure of the boat was undamaged. ""Miraculously nothing happened to us,"" she added. A tourist on a nearby boat captured the moment when the whale breached out of the water on camera. Werner said she had spoken to a local marine mammal expert who had told her that the incident was a ""freak accident."" Because the couple had been sailing without the engine on, the whale had failed to hear them, she said. ""It was a young southern right whale and he was just having fun. They have very poor eyesight and obviously if they're breaching visibility is very poor. The whale did not intend to attack us, it just did not hear us."" Whale experts have taken DNA samples from blubber left on the deck to see whether they have any existing records on the animal. Werner said the whale appeared to be unhurt by the experience: ""We saw it afterwards and there was no blood or anything. I think for a whale it was just a scratch and a bump."" In future, the couple would make sure they had the engine on while sailing during whale season, she added. ""We were just going out sailing because it was an awesome day. Obviously it's a bonus if you see a whale but we didn't quite count on having one on top of the boat."""
"Washington (CNN) -- One-time Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin may have sent a clear message to the political world, analysts say, by signing a deal to become a TV commentator. That message: She's unlikely to run in the 2012 presidential race. ""I do think maybe it suggests, sadly for Democrats, that she might not be running,"" said Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala. ""Democrats ... are pretty confident they can defeat Sarah Palin. She's not going to beat Barack Obama."" The former Alaska governor has signed a deal with Fox News to appear as a contributor on the network, a source with knowledge of the agreement confirms to CNN. There are no plans for Palin to anchor her own program, the source said. ""Let's first hope for [Fox News President] Roger Ailes' sake that she doesn't quit that job the way she quit her job as governor of Alaska,"" Begala joked. Nancy Pfotenhauer, a former McCain presidential campaign spokesperson, also indicated that Palin's new job is a possible sign of things to come. ""There's a slight indication she may not run,"" she said. ""I assume this is a business decision on the part of both Fox News and on Gov. Palin's part."" Begala, though, did give Palin praise for her TV gig. ""It's indoor work. It's interesting and lucrative. I'm all for it,"" he said. ""Congratulations for the former governor of Alaska."" Palin is hardly alone in top Republicans-turned-TV talking heads. After the 2008 GOP presidential primaries, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee joined Fox News as the host of his own show. Karl Rove, a former top aide to President George W. Bush, also joined Fox News as a commentator. Michael Steele, the current chairman of the Republican National Committee, was once a Fox News contributor as well. Mary Matalin, a former top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney, is now a CNN contributor alongside her husband James Carville and Begala -- top Democratic aides to then President Clinton. One of Begala and Carville's colleagues -- George Stephanopolous -- has been a long-time political analyst at ABC News, who later hosted his own Sunday TV show ""This Week."" Most recently, he was named as the host of ABC's ""Good Morning America."" On MSNBC, former Florida GOP Rep. Joe Scarborough now hosts his own TV show called ""Morning Joe."" Pat Buchanan, a leading conservative voice and former presidential candidate, also graces MSNBC's airwaves giving his take on politics. Since leaving office, Palin has become a vocal critic of the Obama administration's policies. She recently released her autobiography ""Going Rogue"" and toured the country promoting her book."
"(CNN) -- Gay pride was on display in towns and cities across the United States Sunday as gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people -- and their supporters -- marched in parades large and small to demand equality, oppose discrimination and express pride in who they are. In New York, the parade featured participants of every age and many backgrounds. Some dressed conservatively, others were decked out in glittering fabrics and some wore next to nothing at all. The atmosphere was festive and open, as marchers carried handmade signs with messages including, ""Straight but not narrow-minded"" and represented groups including the New York Gay Bloggers. But there was no banner for St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Church. Parishioners did march, but obeyed an order from New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan that they should not carry a banner with the church's name. The banner they carried was blank. The gay pride parade in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is considered one of the biggest events in the state -- last year's parade drew more than half a million people, according to CNN affiliate KARE. On Sunday, participants wandered in a festival-type atmosphere that included tents for people to sell services and wares. The festival also included a man handing out Bibles and preaching against homosexuality. Festival organizers had tried to block his presence, but a federal court ruled that the man could not be banned from the park. Anti-gay activist attends Twin Cities gay pride fest (KARE) There were no incidents related to his presence, and some participants even stopped to engage him in what appeared to be friendly debate. iReport: 40 years of pride in New York . Even tiny Fayetteville, Arkansas, had a gay pride parade for the fourth year running. It was small but attended by enthusiastic supporters, who were able to drown out the words coming from Christian counter-demonstrators. The grand marshal of the parade was 10-year-old Will Phillips, who made headlines by refusing to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance at his school. He said his reasoning was that not all U.S. citizens enjoy liberty and justice, particularly gay, lesbian and transgender people. iReport: Scenes from Arkansas parade . But in San Francisco, violence shook the city's neighborhood perhaps most associated with gay pride, the Castro district. Police said three people were shot at a party, during so-called ""Pink Saturday"" festivities preceding Sunday's activities. iReport: Aftermath of shooting . Local media reported that one man died as a result of his injuries."
"(CNN) -- Chastity Bono, gay-rights activist and child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono, is in the early stages of transitioning from a female to a male and will be known as Chaz, his spokesman said Thursday. Activist Chastity Bono is transitioning from female to male and will be known as Chaz. ""Chaz, after many years of consideration, has made the courageous decision to honor his true identity,"" Howard Bragman said in a written statement. ""He is proud of his decision and grateful for the support and respect that has already been shown by his loved ones. It is Chaz's hope that his choice to transition will open the hearts and minds of the public regarding this issue, just as his 'coming out' did nearly 20 years ago."" Someone's decision to transition does not necessarily mean they are undergoing gender reassignment surgery, and in many cases they do not, said Mara Keisling, executive director of the Washington-based National Center for Transgender Equality. ""The whole media fixation on surgery is kind of misplaced,"" she said. ""Almost no transgender people ever have surgery. We don't have any idea how many do."" iReport.com: Do you have a transgender story? An estimated one-quarter to one-half percent of the American population is transsexual, however, Keisling said. ""It's sort of a general term that encompasses both or either a social transition or a medical transition."" Keisling said she was unaware of the specifics in Bono's case, but speaking generally, a transition means that he will now want to be ""known, seen, viewed"" as a male. ""The actual details depend on his needs and wants and his doctor's needs and wants,"" she said. Bragman asked that the media ""respect Chaz's privacy during this long process, as he will not be doing any interviews at this time."" Now 40, Bono as a little girl made regular appearances on her parents' show, ""The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour."" As an adult, he has been a longtime gay-rights advocate and been closely associated with the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation.  See more photos from Chastity Bono's life  . Bono's father, Sonny Bono, was a U.S. representative from California when he was killed in a skiing accident in January 1998."
"(Mashable)  -- Nearly 6,800 company-operated Starbucks stores in the U.S. will begin accepting mobile payments Wednesday. Customers using the Starbucks Card Mobile app on their iPhone, iPod touch or BlackBerry will now be able to use those devices as tender. The nationwide rollout marks the official launch of the Starbucks Card Mobile payment program, which has been piloted at Target stores and select San Francisco, Seattle and New York Starbucks locations. Starbucks Card Mobile lets users add their Starbucks Cards, track rewards and reload cards as needed via PayPal or credit card. To pay with their phone, app users simply select ""touch to pay"" and hold up the barcode on their mobile device screen to the 2-D scanner at the register. An Android application is also said to be in the works, but the company has yet to disclose a release date. Starbucks is using its own custom-built technology to enable the 2-D mobile barcode scans. The coffee retailer opted for barcode scanning over near field communication technology -- which Google is exploring -- because of its limited availability. The coffee retailer was reluctant to wait for a NFC ecosystem to develop when its customers have expressed interest in mobile payments now, according to Chuck Davidson, the category manager of innovation on the Starbucks Card team. ""Once there are more users, we will adapt,"" he says. In testing, Starbucks assessed the mobile payment option by measuring application speed, transaction speed and total customer wait time, says Brady Brewer, vice president of Starbucks Card and brand loyalty. In all instances, Starbucks Card Mobile was the fastest way for customers to pay. Starbucks is investing in mobile payments, an investment Davidson describes as modest in relation to expectations, because customers have requested the option and have shown a propensity to not only pay with Starbucks Cards -- one in five transactions are made using a Starbucks Card -- but frequently use their smartphones while waiting in line. The company also believes that its customers carry their mobile phones more often than a wallet or purse, and sees Starbucks Card Mobile and the mobile payment program as an opportunity to reach these consumers and build stronger relationships. Starbucks seems confident that its customers will appreciate the new, faster way to pay. Both Davidson and Brewer believe that adoption will spread as customers tell their friends about the new mobile payment option.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved."
"(CNN) -- Denny's restaurants served about 2 million free Grand Slam breakfasts during its eight-hour promotional giveaway on Tuesday, the company reported Wednesday. Cooks fill the pass-through window with Grand Slam breakfasts Tuesday at a Denny's in Emeryville, California. The company used a commercial during the third quarter of Sunday's Super Bowl to announce it would give away its signature breakfast from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesday, and the response was spectacular. Media outlets across North America reported lines of customers stretching outside and around restaurants and strangers crowding together into booths to take advantage of the special. The restaurant chain's approximately 1,500 stores served an average of 130 Grand Slams per hour to customers who waited an average of 60 minutes for their free pancakes, eggs, bacon and sausage, the company said. ""We had an extraordinary day,"" Denny's CEO Nelson Marchioli said when the promotion was over. ""We were hoping to reconnect with millions of Americans today, and we did. ""We have received the most heartwarming comments from our servers, our managers and above all our customers. This Free Slam Day has exceeded our expectations in every way."" iReport.com: Miami customers line up for Denny's meal . Denny's doesn't disclose specific cost information, but including the cost of the food, the Super Bowl spot and other production costs, the promotion cost the company roughly $5 million, it said. The Grand Slam started as a baseball-related promotion in Atlanta, Georgia, in the mid-1970s and has been served chainwide since 1977. Its normal price varies by market but averages around $5.99. Denny's said it sells 12.5 million Grand Slams a year. At the normal average price of $5.99, Denny's gave away meals Tuesday with a retail value of $11.9 million. But the goodwill value could be priceless. iReport.com: Vouchers run out at Georgia Denny's . ""The key is to get the guest to come back,"" Troy Morgan, a Denny's franchisee in Sacramento, California, told CNN affiliate KCRA-TV. ""So, we show them great hospitality and we're confident we're going to win guests and get them to return again and again."" A Denny's competitor, IHOP, is planning its own giveaway. The chain promises to give a short stack of three pancakes to all comers on ""National Pancake Day,"" February 24. IHOP requests a donation to Children's Miracle Network or other local charities in exchange."
"(CNN) -- Manny Pacquiao staked his claim to be the best pound-for-pound boxer on the planet after his brutal demolition of Antonio Margarito in their WBC light-middleweight title bout in Dallas, Texas late Saturday. Nicknamed Pacman, Pacquiao -- the only boxer in history to have won a world title at seven different weight divisions -- claimed his eighth belt in a new class after a unanimous decision over Margarito. Pacquiao dominated from the outset, with his superior hand speed and power constantly troubling the Mexican fighter who had boasted a significant height and reach advantage. But the champion's ruthless barrage of punches inevitably began to take their toll on Margarito's face as a nasty cut opened up below his right eye. At one point in the 11th round Pacquiao appeared to look towards referee Laurence Cole as if he was trying to get him to call a halt to the fight. Despite his domination Pacquiao could not land the knock-out blow against what was thought to be his biggest opponent yet, even taking a few powerful blows himself in the middle rounds. ""He is really strong,"" Pacquiao commented after the fight, in quotes carried by Agence France-Press. ""I never expected him to be as strong as he was."" But he admitted that the injuries sustained by Margarito, who had completed a suspension after being caught with plaster-filled hand wraps in his gloves prior to a fight against Shane Mosley, caused him some concern. ""I feel for my opponent,"" Pacquiao said, in quotes carried by AFP. ""His eyes (were swollen and cut) and bloody face. I wanted the ref to look at that."" The build up to the fight had been overshadowed by rumors that the Filipino could soon retire. Last month Pacquiao's long-time coach Freddie Roach said the Filipino was more preoccupied with his new role as a lawmaker and could not concentrate on his preparations for the November 13 bout. The pair eventually agreed to move their training camp to the U.S. to focus on the fight. Pacquiao had been lined up for an eagerly-awaited clash with American Floyd Mayweather Jr. earlier this year, but negotiations broke down amid a welter of recriminations and legal threats. A clash with Mayweather would likely be the richest in boxing history, but appears no closer to fruition."
"(CNN)  -- Brendon Pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from Cape Town, South Africa, Wednesday. Men were sweating profusely, women were crying. ""There was fear on their faces,"" Pelser said. ""Everyone started panicking."" But the pilot of Nationwide Airlines' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport. Including crew, 100 hundred people were on the plane that departed at 3:50 p.m. on an hourlong flight to Johannesburg, South Africa. No one was injured. The jet had only been in the air about 10 minutes before the engine fell. ""We heard something crash and bang, the plane veering left and right. A person on the right side said the engine was missing -- had broken clean off,"" said Pelser.  Watch Pelser describe how the flight crew told passengers to ""prepare for the worst""  . ""They flew us in very slowly. We were all prepared for the worst. We went into the fetal position, head between the legs,"" he said. ""Then we hit the runway."" ""I did kind of pray. I didn't want to die. I'm not really ready to die,"" the 33-year-old said. An object had been sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground and officials are trying to identify it. The engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine ""when extreme forces are applied,"" to prevent structural damage to the wing, Nationwide said on its Web site. The airline described the incident as a ""catastrophic engine failure."" As the nose wheel lifted from the ground, ""the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft (sideways slippage) to the right,"" the airline said in a news release. The flight instruments showed the No. 2 engine on the right side had failed, it said. Pelser said he spent the night in Cape Town, then flew back to Johannesburg where he lives, on the same airline. Nationwide said the engine had undergone a major overhaul in March 2005 at ""an approved Federal Aviation Authority facility in the U.S.A."" and had flown only 3,806 hours since then. ""These engines typically achieve 10,000 hours between major overhauls,"" Nationwide Airlines' press release stated. E-mail to a friend ."
"Srinagar, Indian-Controlled Kashmir (CNN) -- One person was killed and four others injured Sunday when Indian security forces opened fire on a violent mob that tried to torch a paramilitary bunker in Srinagar, the capital of Indian-controlled Kashmir. The incident occurred during the funeral of a youth who died in the hospital Saturday night after he was allegedly beaten by members of the Indian paramilitary Central Reserve Police Force during violent protests last week. The family of 25-year-old Rafiq Bangroo said CRPF troopers struck him on the head with gun butts, causing a fatal skull injury. The CRPF has denied the allegation, saying Bangroo died after he was pelted with stones. Bangroo's body was handed over to relatives. As it was being carried for burial Sunday, angry mobs charged at a bunker of the CRPF and attempted to burn it, police said. The CRPF troopers manning the bunker opened fire on the crowd. Five people were injured, and one, a 26-year-old man, later died. ""They tried to torch the bunker after damaging it. Our soldiers opened fire in self-defense,"" CRPF spokesman Prabhakar Tripathi told CNN. As the clashes started spreading Sunday, Indian security forces were rushed to the area to enforce an undeclared curfew. Hundreds shouting ""We want freedom"" joined the funeral procession. Bangroo's death triggered impromptu protests in various parts of the city. Police and paramilitary troops used tear gas and baton charges and fired warning shots in the air in some spots to break up the angry protesters, according to authorities. The Kashmiri separatist group All Parties Hurriyat Conference has called for a Kashmir-wide shutdown Monday to protest the killings. Srinagar has been tense over the past week following the killing of another youth, a 17-year-old student who died June 11 after being struck in the head by a police-fired tear smoke shell. Kashmir been in the throes of a violent separatist campaign for over two decades and has been a source of conflict between India and Pakistan. The mounting toll in the region's two-decade-old insurgency is placed at over 43,000 by officials, while various rights groups and NGOs put the figure at twice the official number."
"(CNN) -- A 17-year-old boy was among the seven people killed in a noon shootout Friday on the streets of Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, police said Saturday. The other victims were police officers, Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said Friday. Five were federal police officers and one was a female city police officer, all part of the joint police task force formed to combat drug violence in the border town. Another federal officer was gravely wounded, Reyes said, and a city officer was wounded but not with life-threatening injuries. A civilian was hit by shrapnel, but those injuries were also not serious, he said. Reyes said the incident began when two patrol cars, one from federal police and one from city police, stopped several people they had been investigating. Gunmen in at least two vehicles attacked the police convoy with weapons including AK-47s, he said. The federal police said the gunmen, who escaped in a gray Dodge Durango and a green Dodge Caravan, may have been drug dealers and that the attack may have been in response to several recent arrests in Juarez, including that of eight people apprehended Thursday for possession of weapons, drugs and a stolen van. The mayor said it wasn't immediately clear why the police had stopped the people or whether the incident was drug related. Investigators are treating the incident ""as a direct attack on police officers,"" he said. Federal police launched an aerial search for the gunmen's vehicles, but there have been no arrests. Reyes said at a meeting with federal police that he was ordering an increase of patrol cars so there will be three or four cars per location. About 800 police cars now patrol the city, Reyes said. The city police force consists of 3,000 officers, bolstered by 5,000 federal officers. Ciudad Juarez is the most violent city in the nation, with more than 2,600 drug-related deaths in 2009. No official numbers are available, but more than 400 killings have been reported by local media this year. The city, long the focal point of President Felipe Calderon's battle against drug cartels, came to renewed prominence after the January 31 killings of 15 people, most of them students with no links to organized crime. The massacre sparked outrage throughout Mexico and drew worldwide attention. In another incident that drew widespread attention, three people associated with the U.S. Consulate in Juarez were gunned down in two shootings last month. Two of the victims, including a pregnant woman, were U.S. citizens living in El Paso, Texas. CNN's Esprit Smith contributed to this report."
"(Entertainment Weekly) -- Once upon a time -- oh, let's just call it North America in the mid-'90s, shall we? -- Weezer and Alanis Morissette were an inescapable part of the cultural landscape, churning out buoyant rock-radio hits (Weezer), wordy, eccentric anthems (Alanis), and MTV-friendly videos (both) with impressive consistency. Alanis Morissette struggled to find a way to stay current after her last album failed to do well. Each act's follow-ups, however, have failed to yield quite the success of their initial impact. So how, in the face of a never-ending rush of fresh industry blood, does an already established act stay relevant? For Morissette, the answer on new CD ""Flavors of Entanglement"" seems to lie, for better or worse, in going through a really, really bad breakup. The same kind of passion that fueled the 15-million-selling '95 smash ""Jagged Little Pill"" (was there ever a woman more excellently scorned than the Alanis who excoriated her lover on ""You Oughta Know""?) is all over ""Entanglement"" -- thanks to a well-publicized split with actor fiance Ryan Reynolds. Granted, at 34, she still writes too often in the histrionic, no-one-has-ever-felt-what-I-feel style of a feverishly journaling liberal-arts major. Even so, the rawness of her hurt adds heft to eff-you screeds like the thunderous ""Versions of Violence,"" and she's found an able partner in producer and co-writer Guy Sigsworth, a onetime Bjrk collaborator. His dense, swirling compositions seem to push Morissette's boundaries, conjuring her inner Princess of Darkness on the glitchy, gothy ""Straitjacket"" and exploring Far Eastern exotica on the tabla-tinged opener ""Citizen of the Planet."" But her most affecting moment may be the most stripped down. A barely-there piano is all the accompaniment needed on the broken, fragile ballad ""Not as We,"" on which her voice cracks heartbreakingly over the lines ""From scratch begin again, but this time, I as I/And not as we."" Somehow, a devastating personal experience has galvanized her songwriting in a way that domestic bliss, as showcased on 2004's disappointing ""So-Called Chaos,"" could not. EW Grade: B+ . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved."
"(CNN) -- The search for the data and voice recorders from the Air France plane that crashed more than a month ago off Brazil's coast is entering a new phase, according to France's accident investigation agency. Searchers have discovered hundreds of pieces of wreckage from Air France Flight 447. All 228 people aboard the plane were killed in the June 1 crash. The flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder, commonly known as black boxes, stop giving out acoustic broadcasts after 30 days. But investigators decided to continue listening for the ""pings"" for 10 days after that. Now, the two U.S. naval vessels and a French Navy submarine will halt their search for the recorders which investigators hope will shed light on exactly how the plane crashed. The second phase of the search will involve France's oceanographic ship ""Pourquoi Pas?"" which carries specialized exploration and intervention vehicles, according to the French air accident investigation agency known as the BEA. The French vessel will conduct new searches using diving equipment and towed sonar, the BEA said. Finding the recorders is of ""capital importance,"" and ""no effort must be spared in achieving this end,"" Air France has said. ""We want to stress that for the sake of the families, we hope that the search for the black boxes will be successful,"" an Air France representative said. This month, investigators revealed that the plane bellyflopped intact into the Atlantic Ocean. Investigator Alain Bouillard said it was still not clear what caused the crash, the deadliest in Air France's 75-year history. The mountainous ocean floor in the search area ranges from 3,280 to 15,091 feet, BEA officials have said, making the search for the recorders -- and the rest of the plane's debris -- difficult. ""It is as if it fell in the Andes,"" said Olivier Ferrante, chief of the BEA search mission. Flight 447 went down in stormy weather while flying from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, France. Brazil called off the search for bodies June 27, having found 51 of the 228 people who died, according to the military. Investigators have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane, along with luggage, Bouillard said."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- It isn't clear whether the United States will ever be able to declare victory in Iraq, the top U.S. commander there said Thursday. Army Gen. Ray Odierno speaks to reporters at the Pentagon  on Thursday. ""I'm not sure we will ever see anyone declare victory in Iraq, because first off, I'm not sure we'll know for 10 years or five years,"" Army Gen. Ray Odierno told reporters at the Pentagon. About 123,000 U.S. troops are in Iraq now, and President Obama says all combat forces will be gone by the end of August 2010, leaving as many as 50,000 noncombat troops to advise and train Iraqi forces before leaving by the end of 2011. Odierno has said he wants to draw down the U.S. forces at a faster rate than planned if the security situation allows it. On Thursday, he said he expected the number of U.S. troops to drop to 120,000 by the end of October, and to as few as 110,000 by the end of 2009. ""What we've done here is we're giving Iraq an opportunity in the long term to be a strategic partner of the United States, but more importantly, be a partner in providing regional stability inside of the Middle East,"" Odierno said. Odierno also highlighted continuing security issues inside the country, saying Iraqi security forces have recently seized several ""very large"" caches of Iranian-made rockets and armor-piercing munitions known as explosively formed penetrators, or EFPs. ""If you're training people ... in Iran to come back into Iraq, and you're providing them rockets and other things, I call that significant because it still enables people to conduct attacks not only on U.S. forces but on Iraqi civilians,"" Odierno said. At a congressional hearing Wednesday, Odierno said the main threat to stability in Iraq are Arab-Kurd tensions, adding there has been difficulty bringing the two sides together for possible joint patrols. ""We've had some very good meetings,"" he said. ""But we still have some ways to go on that."""
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Thirty-eight years ago, Joseph McGinty Nichol was a boy in Kalamazoo, Michigan, playing with toy robots. Many of the robots in ""Terminator Salvation"" are real machines, which increased realism, the cast says. Today ""McG,"" as he is better known, builds and blows up real robots. The prominent filmmaker is the driving force behind one of the season's summer blockbusters, ""Terminator Salvation,"" which is filled with very expensive and very explosive robots. The choice to use real robots when possible, instead of CGI (computer generated images), was deliberate, McG said. According to the director and the film's stars, the decision to use real machines was a testament to the growing sophistication of the moviegoing public, whom they believe can ""feel"" the difference between actors standing in front of a green screen versus actors interacting with the real thing. It was also done in honor of the legendary special effects supervisor, four-time Oscar winner Stan Winston (""Jurassic Park,"" the other ""Terminator"" films), who passed away during filming last year.  Watch the robots in action  . The director and three of his cast members -- Christian Bale, Bryce Dallas Howard and Anton Yelchin -- took a time out with CNN to explain why gravity and singed eyebrows both played a role in ""Terminator Salvation."" Bryce Dallas Howard: That was something that was really important to McG ...  when an audience member sees this film, that they can actually feel what's occurring. I think that audiences are very savvy now. We can feel when something is CGI and that's no disrespect to CGI -- we couldn't do this movie without it -- but, whenever possible, in the tradition of Sam Winston, he wanted to build the robots. So a lot of what you see is real. McG: And if you drop something, we've spent our whole lives watching physics in play, and if you say, just have the CGI do that, people can tell something's off, and it releases you from being involved in the picture. So, we built all the robots, we built all the sets, we blew them up for real, a great many of us lost our eyebrows! Christian Bale: It was kind of comical at times because something that's meant to be so intimidating was actually surrounded by five guys with these kind of puppet rods I had to blank out or I would start laughing. But, the end result is something really formidable and you know, really iconic in movie history. Anton Yelchin: Now I'm obsessed with the robots! I'm so [annoyed] that this guy or whoever it is that's in charge of it wouldn't let me have one!"
"(CNN) -- The Scottish Rugby Union has appointed Andy Robinson, formerly coach of bitter rivals England, as the new national team boss. Andy Robinson will be seeking to revive the fortunes of Scotland's struggling rugby side. The 45-year-old won eight caps as a flanker for England, and was assistant coach in Clive Woodward's 2003 World Cup-winning set-up before taking over for an ill-fated reign himself in 2004, winning just nine of 22 matches. Robinson returned to top-class coaching with Celtic League team Edinburgh in 2007, and has sufficiently impressed Scottish officials in the 20 months since then to win favor as the replacement for Frank Hadden. He had been part of Hadden's backroom staff, and had already been chosen to coach Scotland A this summer. Hadden resigned on April 2 after Scotland again struggled in the Six Nations, finishing second from bottom with just one win from five outings. Robinson was delighted to be given the chance to return to the international stage. ""With the World Cup in New Zealand in 2011, I believe we have a crop of players who can really challenge the world's best, and preparation for that starts now,"" he told the SRU Web site. ""I'm looking forward to leading Scotland A into the IRB Nations Cup in Romania next week and thereafter preparing for our Autumn Tests at Murrayfield against Fiji, Australia and Argentina."" Robinson is believed to have headed off the likes of South Africa's World Cup-winning coach Jake White and former Australia boss Eddie Jones for the job. Former Scotland captain and British and Irish Lion Gordon Bulloch was part of the interview panel that determined the appointment. ""Andy was the outstanding candidate from a quite exceptional shortlist which underlines the allure of coaching the Scotland team,"" he told the SRU's Web site. ""I know from having had the privilege of his coaching and guidance on Lions tours that he is passionate about his rugby, is a skilled communicator and has values and an ethos which are absolutely at one with developing a winning Scotland team."" Scottish Rugby chief executive Gordon McKie said he was confident Robinson would prove to be successful. ""Andy has proved himself at every level of the game and we are thrilled that he will now be leading the Scotland team as we look towards the challenges of the next three years, including the 2011 World Cup,"" McKie said. ""He has been part of the Scottish Rugby family for the past two years and has brought success both to Edinburgh Rugby, with their highest ever Magners League finish in successive seasons, and has also guided the Scotland A team to notable successes."""
"(CNN) -- Ventures lead guitarist Bob Bogle, whose fretwork on such instrumental hits such as ""Walk -- Don't Run"" and ""Hawaii Five-O"" influenced countless bands, died Sunday in Vancouver, Washington. Bob Bogle (second from left) co-founded the Ventures, the highly influential instrumental band. He was 75. The cause was non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, according to Don Wilson, who co-founded the Ventures with Bogle in the 1950s. ""He had a special sound that nobody could ever re-create. He was totally unique as a guitar player,"" Wilson told CNNRadio. Wilson and Bogle learned how to play guitar while working as construction workers in the 1950s in their native Tacoma, Washington. The pair formed the Ventures in 1958. ""We had a lot of time on our hands after work, so we'd get together and play,"" Wilson recalled. ""A year and a half later, we had a number two hit called 'Walk -- Don't Run.' "" The group first heard the song on a Chet Atkins record. Several other hits followed, including ""Perfidia,"" ""Walk Don't Run '64"" and ""Diamond Head."" The group took the theme of the TV show ""Hawaii Five-O"" into the Top Ten in 1969 and later supplied background music for the series. But the band, which played almost solely instrumentals, was perhaps more influential for its albums. Thirty-eight of the band's long-players hit Billboard's Top 200 chart, including albums that covered country songs, dance tunes and Christmas melodies. One of the band's albums was titled ""Play Guitar with the Ventures,"" and countless did. ""I can't think of a better contribution for instrumental music on his style than 'Walk -- Don't Run,' "" Wilson said. ""A lot of good would-be guitar players and garage bands would go out and buy guitars just to learn that song."" The Ventures were voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008. At the induction ceremony, Creedence Clearwater Revival's John Fogerty praised the group: ""It's enough to say, the Ventures are the most popular instrumental band of all time,"" he said. Bogle fought his illness with dignity, Wilson said. ""His doctors gave him 10 years to live, and he lived 12. The last two years were really tough. At least he lived to know the Ventures had been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame."" Bogle is survived by his wife, Yumi. CNNRadio's Ninette Sosa and Matt Cherry contributed to this story."
"(CNN)  -- Colombian military forces killed 18 leftist guerrillas Friday in two operations, the National Defense Ministry said. Another 13 members of the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces (FARC) were captured and two more were ""demobilized"" in the attacks by the air force and special forces troops, which took place in a rural area of Vista Hermosa in the central department, or administrative district, of Meta. There, air force jets bombarded encampments capable of housing 200 people and belonging to Gang 43 of FARC, the ministry said in a posting on its Web site. After the bombing, special forces troops surrounded the camp and began fighting with the FARC forces. They found 25 rifles, explosives and ""information of interest to military intelligence,"" the posting said. Friday's actions are part of an offensive against FARC in Meta and the southern department of Caqueta to find those people responsible for the death of Gov. Luis Francisco Cuellar, who was kidnapped and killed December 22 in Florence, Colombia, by FARC members, the posting said. ""The successes confirm that, in spite of cowardly and sporadic terrorist acts of this organization, the state continues landing serious blows and dismantling what remains of the terrorist structure,"" Defense Minister Gabriel Silva said. On Wednesday, the army seized 1 tons of cocaine in Puerto Escondido in the department of Cordoba, it said. During 2009, the Ministry of Defense reported capturing more than 200 tons of cocaine worth $5 billion. For its part, the national army reported in its annual report that during 2009 it was involved in 1,200 fights that ""permitted the neutralization of 1,348 terrorist actions and the occupation and destruction of 1,172 encampments, many of which were used as laboratories to process cocaine. FARC has been at war with the Colombian government for more than 40 years. Although the government says the FARC's military force has been severely compromised in recent months, authorities still accuse it of trafficking huge quantities of cocaine to finance its insurgency. Security analysts say FARC has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters, mostly in rural areas. The guerrilla group was established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party. The guerrillas operate mostly in Colombia but have carried out extortion, kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela, Panama and Ecuador, according to the Federation of American Scientists Intelligence Resource Program."
"(CNN) -- Al-Shabaab has withdrawn from Somalia's war-ravaged capital in what the Islamist militant group called a ""change in tactics."" The Somali president said Al-Shabaab, which controls much of southern Somalia, retreated from Mogadishu after heavy fighting early Saturday with government and African Union forces. The al Qaeda-linked group has been waging an insurgency against Somalia's transitional government since 2006. ""Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda are a menace to Somalia and it is happy news that we defeated them in Mogadishu,"" Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed told reporters. But he warned Mogadishu residents not to rush to areas vacated by Al-Shabaab fighters, saying the group may have booby-trapped the area. He also warned of possible suicide bombings. U.N. special representative Augustine Mahiga lauded the retreat, saying ""there is no doubt that the departure of Al-Shabaab would be a positive development and a step in the right direction for a city that has seen so much misery and devastation."" Spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage confirmed Al-Shabaab fighters left the city but said the fighting was hardly over. ""The reasons we withdrew from Mogadishu is we have made changes in our tactics of war,"" he told the group's radio station, Andalus. ""We withdrew because we want to save lives of the poor civilians but we will launch operations against government (and African Union) forces in the coming hours."" Some believe the Islamists withdrew because of funding woes and drought-related issues. The United Nations has declared famine in five areas of southern Somalia in June, including Mogadishu. In all, about 12 million people in the Horn of Africa region need assistance. Somalia is the worst hit. ""The immediate priority must now be to focus on the humanitarian situation and I call on all parties, from the donor community to all parts of the Transitional Federal Government, to do everything possible to ensure and facilitate the immediate delivery of assistance to those most in need,"" Mahiga said. Al-Shabaab has called the famine a ""crusader"" invention and an excuse for occupation, and issued threats to aid agencies delivering food to afflicted areas. As crops withered, thousands of people fled and livestock starved. But the militants kept their ban on aid groups operating in their territory in southern and central Somalia, and parts of the capital."
"(CNN) -- Lionel Messi produced a performance of stunning brilliance, scoring all four goals as holders Barcelona beat Arsenal 4-1 to reach the semifinals of the Champions League 6-3 on aggregate on Tuesday. Messi turned on the style in the Nou Camp with one of the most devastating individual displays the competition has ever seen, as an injury-ravaged Arsenal side were torn apart. The match started started brightly for the Londoners who actually took a shock 18th-minute lead. Theo Walcott's pace had troubled Barca in the 2-2 first leg at The Emirates and the England winger created the opener with a break down the right. His pass inside for Nicklas Bendtner was a poor one, but somehow the Dane managed to pounce at the second attempt to stab his shot past Victor Valdes in the Barca goal. Arsenal's lead lasted barely three minutes before Messi began his one-man show. Mickael Silvestre failed to clear the ball on the edge of the area and it fell to Messi, who curled home a superb equalizer. Messi added his and Barca's second on 37 minutes. Eric Abidal's cross from the right was cut out by Thomas Vermaelen. However, the rest of the Arsenal defense were slow to react and Pedro found Messi, who smashed his shot past Manuel Almunia. The striker completed his stunning hat-trick four minutes before the break when he raced onto a header from Abidal to sprint clear of the Arsenal defense before superbly chipping the ball over Almunia. By now, Arsenal needed two goals to go through and, in truth, they never looked likely to get them. Bendtner struck the post with a fierce header from Gael Clichy's cross, but he was flagged offside, and Tomas Rosicky fired over the bar when in a great position. Messi completed the job three minutes from time, beating two defender on the left hand side of the area before firing the ball through Almunia's legs. The result means Barcelona will now face Italian champions Inter Milan, who they were drawn against in the group stages, in a mouth-watering semifinal clash. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was full of praise for Messi's performance. ""For me, he is the best player in the world, and by a distance,"" he told Sky Sports. ""When he's in the game, he's really dangerous. Once he is on the run with the ball, he is unstoppable. The Frenchman added: ""I believe that we lost against a team that is better than us and have the best player in the world."""
By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 07:19 EST, 14 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:47 EST, 14 December 2012 . At first sight the female bus passenger appears to be suffering from a bad stomach ache. But soon the incredible CCTV footage shows the 39-year-old, named as Wang Liyang, reaching into her clothes and delivering her own baby as a fascinated child - thought to be her three-year-old son - watches beside her. The incredible video shows other passengers eventually coming to the woman's aid as the bus is driven at high speed towards hospital in Chengdu, Sichuan province, China. Scroll down for video: . Shocking: CCTV footage from the bus shows a stream of amniotic fluid on the floor as the pregnant woman, named as 39-year-old Wang Liyang, sits doubled over in pain . Pains: Ms Liyang can be seen reaching into her clothes as the baby boy begins to be born. A boy, thought to be her son watches from beside her as the drama unfolds . Birth: The newborn baby can be seen on his mother's lap as a fellow passenger (left) carries on with her journey apparently unaware of the drama behind her . Ms Liying reportedly boarded the number 666 bus with her three-year-old son after feeling pains and was heading to Chengdu Medical College so she could be checked over, according to LiveLeak.com. The CCTV footage clearly shows amniotic fluid flowing along the floor in front of her after her waters broke. Fellow passengers asked her if she was alright, but she was unable to speak due to the intense pain. After being alerted to what was happening, the bus driver put his foot down and headed directly towards the . hospital in Chengdu. Passengers can then be seen giving Ms Liying blankets to keep the baby warm. Helping hand: She holds the baby upside down and gently pats his bottom in an apparent attempt to clear his airway . Warmth: She wraps her child in a blanket given to her by a fellow passenger. The incredible birth was over in a matter of minutes . Safe: The newborn is covered in an extra blanket as the bus rushes towards hospital . After . giving birth, Ms Liyang can be seen holding her wet baby upside down . and patting his bottom in an apparent attempt to help clear his airways. Other passengers desperately waved down a passing . ambulance which reportedly took her the rest of the way to hospital. The baby, a boy weighing seven pounds three ounces, and his mother are believed to be in 'good shape' following the drama. Watch video here: .
"Paris, France (CNN) -- A woman has been charged over the discovery of the bodies of eight newborn babies at two locations in northern France, the French Interior Ministry said Thursday. Gendarmes found the remains in the village of Villers-au-Tertre, south of Lille, some in a home and others in the garden of another home. The woman has admitted giving birth to and killing the babies and has been charged with voluntary manslaughter, prosecutor Eric Vaillant said. But her husband has not been charged after telling investigators he knew nothing of the pregnancies and deaths, he said. The couple are in their mid-forties. The woman is a nursing assistant while her husband is a member of the local council, a neighbor told AFP. ""These are attractive, helpful, polite and courteous people, who did nothing to make you think them capable of anything abnormal,"" he said. Another resident said the couple had two grown-up daughters and were grandparents, AFP said. The pair had lived in the village for at least 15 years, neighbors said. Former mayor Daniel Collignon said Villers-au-Tertre was a quiet, rural community. ""I'm still in shock,"" he told AFP. Police said a man digging in his backyard found the remains of two newborn children and called police. The man said he bought the home from another couple who live a few minutes' drive away. When police searched the couple's home with sniffer dogs they found the bodies of six infants, they said. Psychotherapist Lucy Beresford told CNN that very little was known about the circumstances of infanticide because it was a taboo subject. Research suggested that women who denied or concealed their pregnancies, for whatever reason, were a ""high-risk"" group, she said. But other factors could trigger infanticide as well. ""It could actually be to do with the social isolation of the mother, or it could be their psychopathology prior to pregnancy,"" Beresford told CNN. ""For example, do they have a history of substance abuse or other mental health concerns that have contributed to them being in this situation which they cannot accept as a reality?"" Postnatal depression could also be a possible contributory factor, she said. ""That could be because when they're depressed they're not really of sound mind. It could be that they genuinely believe they are unworthy to be a parent. Or it could just be the level of disordered thinking that comes with being depressed."" CNN's Phil Black contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- A tearful Bubba Watson claimed his maiden PGA Tour victory after winning a three-man playoff for the Travelers Championship in Connecticut. Watson came from six behind on the final round to card a 66 as he went into extra holes with fellow Americans Corey Pavin and Scott Verplank as all finished on 14-under-par. Ryder Cup captain Pavin went out at the first sudden death hole and Verplank found trouble at the second, leaving Watson to two-putt for a par on the short 15th. Watson's father is battling cancer and he was foremost in this thoughts after his triumph. ""I want to thank my dad and mom because without them I would be nothing. My dad is battling cancer now. 'Dad I am praying for you. I love you,"" he told gathered reporters. Watson had to survive a double bogey on the 17th in regulation play before he birdied the final hole to make the playoff. ""For me to get into a playoff after shooting four-under was unreal, and to somehow make that par putt to win was unreal,"" he said. England's Justin Rose had a three-stroke lead going into the final round, bidding to follow up his maiden PGA Tour victory at the Memorial. But he fell away on the back nine for a five-over 75 as Watson ended the run of British success on the PGA Tour. Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell took last week's U.S. Open. Previous to that was England's Lee Westwood at the St.Jude Classic and Rose's Memorial triumph. On the European Tour, England's David Horsey also posted a maiden triumph as he shot a five-under-par 67 to come from five shots behind to win the BMW International Open in Munich. The 25-year-old carded birdies in two of the last three holes to finish one shot clear of compatriot Ross Fisher on an 18-under par total of 270. Bradley Dredge of Wales, who led for the first three days and held a three-shot overnight advantage, finished in a five-way tie for third a further shot back after a two-over par 74. ""It's unbelievable and it's not sunk in yet,"" Horsey told the official European Tour website."
"MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- Mexico's tourism director on Wednesday downplayed the risk of violence facing tourists, despite warnings for travelers to think twice about visiting the country. A cliff diver jumps from ""La Quebrada"" cliff in Acapulco, Mexico. The diving is a popular tourist attraction. ""In all parts of the world, you have to be careful with what you do,"" Oscar Fitch told CNN en Espanol. ""What I am saying is there are very safe zones and there are zones that are not safe."" In recent days, the United States, Canada, France, Italy and Germany have issued alerts about travel to Mexico, where drug violence was blamed for more than 5,400 killings last year. The warnings appear to have had little effect, according to Mauricio Baranda, Mexico country manager at Carlson Wagonlit Travel. ""For our part, we have detected no significant drop because of that type of situation,"" he said. ""Much more significant is the reduction [in travel to Mexico] because of the financial crisis."" In an unusual move, the U.S. State Department issued a travel alert last month targeting spring break travelers, for whom Mexico is a popular destination. ""The situation in Ciudad Juarez is of special concern,"" the alert said. ""Mexican authorities report that more than 1,800 people have been killed in the city since January 2008. Additionally, this city of 1.6 million people experienced more than 17,000 car thefts and 1,650 carjackings in 2008."" Watch as troops roll into Juarez and officials say it's working  . Some students appeared to be paying attention. ""I think that, if there is a big problem in Mexico, they [students] should go somewhere else, because you never know what is going to happen,"" said Nereida Solis, a student. ""I think it would be a good idea to consider security things,"" added Karen Velasquez, another student. But student Aaron Cutler was more fatalistic. ""That's life,"" he said. ""There is violence in Israel, there is violence in India. I don't know much about the situation and how it has turned out. I can't comment much, but if people want to go, people are going to go."" Mexican authorities said the country remains a preferred destination for U.S. vacationers, but acknowledged that the warnings may lead some of the 18 million who typically visit their neighbor south of the border to find another place to go this year."
"(CNN) -- Israel said Wednesday it may expel Venezuela's top diplomat from the country in a tit-for-tat gesture after the South American nation ordered the Israeli ambassador to leave over the increasingly bloody ground war in Gaza. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called the Israeli army ""cowards."" The decision on whether to expel Venezuela's charge d'affaires will be taken later Wednesday, said Yigal Palmor, the spokesman for the Israeli foreign ministry. On Tuesday, Venezuela expelled Israel's ambassador to Caracas and accused Israel of attempting to carry out ""genocide"" against the Palestinian people. ""In this tragic and indignant hour, the people of Venezuela manifest their unconditional solidarity with the heroic Palestinian people, share in the sadness that overcomes thousands of families through the loss of their loved ones, and extends to them a hand by affirming that the government of Venezuela will not rest until it sees those responsible for these criminal atrocities severely punished,"" the Venezuelan foreign minister said in a statement read by an anchor on state television. The statement added that the government ""condemns strongly the flagrant violations of international law"" by Israel and ""denounces their planned utilization of state terrorism."" ""For the above-mentioned reasons, the government of Venezuela has decided to expel the ambassador of Israel and some of the personnel of the Israeli Embassy in Venezuela,"" it added. In a news conference broadcast by state-run Venezuelan television, President Hugo Chavez blasted the Israeli military. ""They are cowards,"" he said. ""It's as though a boxing professional were to come here and challenge you to box. Well, how courageous! How courageous is the Israeli army!"" It said that Chavez ""makes a fraternal call to the Jewish people throughout the world to oppose these criminal policies of the state of Israel that recall the worst pages of the history of the 20th century. ""With the genocide of the Palestinian people, the state of Israel will never be able to offer its people the perspective of a peace that is both necessary and long-lasting."" Mark Regev, a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, was unswayed. ""I haven't heard the details yet, but you know the regime in Venezuela has been one of the few countries in the world that gives automatic support to the Iranian extremists, and it doesn't surprise me that they have affinity with groups like Hamas and Hezbollah,"" he told CNN. He predicted that other countries would not follow suit, even in the Middle East. ""I think, even in the Muslim and Arab countries, there is a fair amount of understanding for what Israel has had to do here,"" he said."
"(CNN) -- Boxing world champion Wladimir Klitschko has told CNN that David Haye will become the 50th knockout victim of his career when the two face-off in July. The IBF, IBO and WBO heavyweight champion is set to face WBA champ Haye in Hamburg, Germany, on July 2 in a bid to unify four of the division's five belts. The Ukrainian recently pulled out of his scheduled April 30 fight with another British boxer, Derek Chisora, and boasts a formidable record during his 15-year career, winning 55 of his 58 fights -- 49 coming via knockout. And he claims Haye is the perfect man to help him notch up a landmark half century. He told CNN: ""I knocked out 49 fighters and David Haye is going to be the 50th on my list. I am looking forward to it, I will get a great challenge in the ring. ""He will try to get through with his strategy, psychological and physical game and I'm ready for it because I'm a true professional athlete and have been doing it for such a long time. I love to be challenged."" Londoner Haye can also point to an impressive record in the sport, having won 25 of his 26 fights, 23 coming via knockout. The 30-year-old moved up from the Cruiserweight division in 2008 and has made public his desire to fight Wladimir, and his older brother, the WBC heavyweight champion Vitali, before he retires on his birthday -- October 13 this year. When Wladimir was asked what would happen if Haye was to win their July bout, he replied: ""(Defeat) is not an option -- myself and Vitali are going to unify all the belts. ""Haye is quick and his record speaks for itself. He won a lot of fights by knockout, so I will not underestimate his speed or his punching power. ""I've been in boxing for last 15 years and I'm going to be close to 60 fights, I know exactly what to expect from every single opponent."" Wladimir also denied that he will enjoy any advantage from the fact that the contest will be staged in Germany -- the country that has hosted many of his title fights in the past. He explained: ""It's not really an advantage because the ring is the same everywhere -- it has four corners with a referee in between you and your opponent. ""It's all about the way you fight and how you follow through with your plan and tactics."""
"Dubai, United Arab Emirates (CNN) -- Australia warned Israel Thursday of a possible diplomatic rift if Israel condoned the use of fraudulent Australian passports in the killing of a Hamas leader. Israel's ambassador was given the warning after it was learned that three Australian passports were used by members of an alleged assassination crew connected to the recent slaying of a Hamas leader in a Dubai hotel room, Australia's Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said Thursday. ""I made it crystal clear to the ambassador that if the results of that investigation cause us to come to the conclusion that the abuse of Australian passports was in any way sponsored or condoned by Israeli officials, then Australia would not regard that as the act of a friend, ""Smith said Thursday. "" We would not regard that as the act of a friend."" The stern statement from Smith is part of the growing international diplomatic tiff stemming from the January 20 killing of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, a founding member of Hamas' military wing. Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room January 20. Police believe he was killed the night before and suspect the Mossad, the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit, was behind his slaying. A total of 26 suspects have been identified by Dubai police. The suspects are believed to have acquired faulty passports to arrive in Dubai for the killing and then fled to other far-flung locations, police said. The 26 named suspects do not include two Palestinians previously arrested in Jordan and returned to the UAE. Twelve of the suspects used British passports, police said. Six suspects used Irish passports and four suspects used French passports. Along with the three suspects who used Australian passports, another suspect used a German passport . The European Union this week condemned the use of false EU passports in connection with the al-Mabhouh slaying. Authorities have not said how he died, al-Mabhouh's family was told there were signs of electric shocks on his legs, behind his ears, on his genitals and over his heart. Blood on a pillow led police to believe he was suffocated, the family was told. The killers left some of al-Mabhouh's medicine next to his bed in an apparent effort to suggest his death was not suspicious, police said. Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has said only ""media reports"" link Israel to al-Mabhouh's death. CNN's Roya Shadravan contributed to this report."
"ROME, Italy (CNN) -- The suspected head of an Italian mafia murder squad eluded police for a third time, and may have escaped through the sewer pipes, according to Italian media reports. Italian police examine a sewer that may have offered an escape route for a suspected mafia boss. Giuseppe Setola, 38, is believed to have slipped into a tunnel built under his hideout near Naples, Italy on Monday, as police closed in on him, according to Italy's state-run ANSA news agency and reports in the La Repubblica and Corriere Della Sera newspapers. That tunnel connects to the sewer system in the nearby town of Caserta, north of Naples. Corriere published photos of anti-mafia police searching through what was described as Setola's trash-strewn bunker and the tunnel. Anti-mafia police have been searching for Setola for months, and have already arrested his wife and two suspected members of his crew, according to the reports. Monday was the third time he avoided arrest. Setola is allegedly the head of a killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan which belongs to the Neapolitan mafia known as Camorra. He got out of jail last spring after a doctor ruled that he was legally blind. Prosecutors have opened an investigation into that ruling. The Casalesi clan is featured in the best-selling book ""Gomorrah"" -- a play on the word ""Camorra"" -- written by Roberto Saviano who now lives under constant police protection. Saviano recently said he may have to leave Italy to escape constant death threats from the mafia and its supporters. Police began cracking down on Setola and his colleagues after the murder of six West African immigrants in the nearby town of Castel Volturno in September. After those killings, the Italian government activated the army to help bolster efforts against the Casalesi clan, which is believed to have killed more than 20 people since May. The two suspected members of his squad have given police information about his movements. In November, police arrested an Italian police officer suspected of informing Setola about police operations."
"(CNN) -- Snow began falling over Colorado and Kansas on Tuesday as yet another round of winter weather began marching across the United States barely a week after a record-setting winter storm roared across the Midwest. A powerful weather system poised over the Rockies is forecast to dump several feet of snow in the Mountain West and up to 10 inches in some parts of Oklahoma, forecasters said. Much of Oklahoma is under a winter storm warning, but snow and sleet are predicted as far south as central Texas, with 2 to 4 inches expected to coat the Dallas-Fort Worth area, the National Weather Service said. Later in the week, the system is expected to bring rain and snow to many areas of the Deep South before delivering a wintry mix along portions of the East Coast by Thursday. Snow is expected to spread into Oklahoma and north Texas on Wednesday and into Wednesday night, said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen. By Wednesday, it also will begin spreading into the Southeast. Cities like Memphis, Tennessee, and Little Rock, Arkansas, could see 4 to 8 inches of snow, while lesser amounts are expected in Nashville; Birmingham, Alabama; and Atlanta. Bitterly cold temperatures will lock the center of the country in the deep freeze as the system moves east. ""Maximum temperature departures are expected to run 30 to 40 degrees below average for the central U.S. (Tuesday) with the same departures sinking south into Oklahoma and north Texas on Wednesday,"" the Weather Service said. Rain is likely across most of the Southeast on Wednesday and Wednesday night. Scattered snow is expected in the Great Lakes region Wednesday. A historic storm left its mark on at least 30 states last week, dumping about 2 feet of snow on the Chicago area and prompting Oklahoma's governor to declare a state of emergency. Another winter system at the end of the week left central and southern Texas a mess. Ice caused 800 crashes across the Houston metropolitan area and many freeways were closed because they were too dangerous to navigate, CNN affiliate KPRC reported. Hundreds of flights were canceled as the winter weather threatened the plans of Super Bowl enthusiasts headed for the game last Sunday in Arlington, Texas."
"(CNN) -- Five suspected pirates went on trial Tuesday in the Netherlands in what is thought to be the first trial in Europe of pirate suspects. The trial of the five Somali men opened in Rotterdam District Court and is expected to last five days, said Wim de Bruin, a spokesman for Netherlands National Prosecutor's Office. The five were captured by the Dutch Navy in January 2009 in the Gulf of Aden, off Somalia, after a cargo ship with Dutch Antilles flag was attacked, de Bruin said. ""The ship of the pirates was destroyed by the Danish Navy, and the pirates were captured and handed to the Dutch authority. They're being tried for sea robbery, and if convicted the maximum sentence will be 9 to 12 years,"" he said. The men are Ahmed Yusuf Farah, 25, Jama Mohamed Samatar, 45, Abdirisaq Abdulahi Hirsi, 33, Sayid Ali Garaar, 39, and Osman Musse Farah, 32, he said. A different suspected Somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the United States, where he pleaded guilty earlier this month to hijacking and kidnapping. Prosecutors say Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse led an attack on a U.S.-flagged vessel, the Maersk Alabama, off the coast of Africa last year. He pleaded guilty May 19 in a New York federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels, kidnapping and hostage taking, for his role in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean on April 8, 2009. Muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced October 19. The suspects being tried in the Netherlands spent four weeks aboard the Danish navy ship after their capture before being taken to the Netherlands, the spokesman said. They were held in pre-trial custody while the court interviewed witnesses from the Danish Navy and seamen on the Dutch Antilles cargo ship that was under attack, he said. Five Dutch defense lawyers are representing the suspects, he said. He did not know what plea, if any, the suspects had entered. Germany will soon try 10 suspected pirates who were captured in the Gulf of Aden earlier this year. They were arrested after their attempt to board a German cargo vessel, but the Danish Navy ended the hijacking and handed them over to the Dutch authorities, de Bruin said. They have since been held in the Netherlands, and Germany requested their extradition about two months ago. CNN's Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- American golfer Anthony Kim hopes to be fit for the prestigious Ryder Cup teams event in October after deciding to have a thumb operation that will rule him out for up to three months. Kim, who is second on the U.S. Ryder Cup points list behind Phil Mickelson, pulled out of this week's Players Championship at Sawgrass due to shoulder complications caused by the problem. The world No. 11, who helped the United States beat Europe in 2008 to reclaim the trophy, had an operation in Maryland, Baltimore on Wednesday. ""While I had hoped to be able to continue to play through the injury, compensating for it was starting to cause other issues, including a sore shoulder. We had to get it fixed,"" the 24-year-old said in a statement. Kim claimed his first PGA Tour title in two years when he won the Houston Open last month despite being troubled by the torn thumb ligament, and then finished third at the Masters. However, he will now miss the second major tournament of the golf season, the U.S. Open in June, and possibly also the third -- the British Open in July. But he should have plenty of time to get fit for the Ryder Cup, which was first staged in 1927, at the Celtic Manor club in Wales on October 1-3. Kim tied for seventh at the Quail Hollow Championship last weekend, where he revealed how much he wanted to be ready to take on the Europeans again. ""I want to play in the Ryder Cup, and that's a huge goal of mine,"" he told reporters. ""It was probably one of the greatest moments I've had playing golf, or greatest weeks I've had playing golf, playing for the U.S., dreaming about being on that team. So I want to be healthy for that. I just want to time it right."" Kim's surgeon, Dr. Thomas Graham, said he was pleased with how the operation went. ""Anthony sustained a high-grade partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament of his left thumb several months ago, and over the course of the last several months of tournament play, the status of the ligament proved insufficient for Anthony to compete on Tour,"" the chief of the National Hand Center in Baltimore said. ""I was extremely pleased with how the repair of the ligament went and would anticipate that Anthony will be able to return to play in 10-12 weeks."""
"MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- Eight people were killed and 101 were wounded in two explosions during a celebration of Mexico's independence day Monday night, a Mexican official said Tuesday. Wounded people get help after blasts Monday night during an independence day event in Morelia, Mexico. Two people remained in grave condition, said Roman Armando Luna Escalante, secretary of health in Michoacan state. Eleven of the wounded were children, Luna Escalante said. None of them are gravely injured. The explosions occurred around 11 p.m. near the governor's residence in Morelia, the capital of Michoacan. The second blast happened shortly afterward a few blocks away. Officials would not say if they have any suspects or if any group has claimed responsibility. Some experts pointed to drug cartels or insurgents. ""It could be a warning to the federal government, which has put a lot of money and manpower to deal with drugs, which are very powerful there,"" said Peter Hakim, president of the Inter-American Dialogue, a Washington-based think tank on Western Hemisphere affairs. ""It could be leftist guerrilla groups that occasionally throw a bomb. ""The problem is that this is part of a real wave of violence that is consuming Mexico."" Last week the bodies of 24 people, bound and shot execution-style, were found in Atlapulco, a town just south of Mexico City. Those killings Friday came roughly two weeks after tens of thousands of Mexicans marched on the nation's capital, calling for greater government action against the wave of violent crime. Non-governmental groups estimate there have been more than 1,500 killings in Mexico this year linked to organized crime. In late August, Mexican President Felipe Calderon met with the country's 32 governors to develop a plan to battle the rise in violent crime. Calderon, who was born in Morelia, condemned the attacks and said federal officials will redouble efforts to help state authorities investigate. More than 1,500 soldiers and federal police were maintaining order Tuesday, which marks the 198th anniversary of what Mexicans regard as their independence day. Festivities typically start the night before because on September 16, 1810, shortly before dawn, a priest in a village in the state of Guanajuato rang a church bell and called on Mexicans to fight for independence from Spain. The celebration in Morelia on Monday night was one of hundreds nationwide to celebrate that call for independence, which Mexico formally achieved in 1821."
"(CNN)  -- Six people were killed and 13 wounded in the shelling of South Ossetia by Georgian forces, South Ossetian officials said Saturday, according to Russia's Interfax news agency. Officials of the breakaway Georgian region said the shelling was part of a Georgian military operation, Interfax reported. Georgia initially suggested Russian peacekeepers were to blame, drawing heated denials from the Russian Defense Ministry, which called the allegation ""dirty informational provocation."" Later, however, Mamuka Kurashvili, the commander of Georgian peacekeeping operations, told reporters that four people were wounded when several Georgian villages were fired upon from South Ossetia, and Georgia ""had to return fire."" Women, children and the elderly were being evacuated from the conflict zone because of fears that Georgia would continue military operations against the region, according to the South Ossetian Information and Press Committee as reported by Interfax. South Ossetia's government held a special session on the violence, the Russian news agency said. ""If Georgia continues provocative actions, we will announce the recruitment of volunteers not only in the North Ossetia but in the entire North Caucasus and also carry out general mobilization in South Ossetia,"" South Ossetian leader Eduard Kokoity told Interfax. Georgia, located on the Black Sea coast between Russia and Turkey, has been split by Russian-backed separatist movements in South Ossetia and another region, Abkhzia. Accusations often fly on both sides, and the South Ossetian leadership has alleged that Georgian troops stage attacks to create a pretext for military action. South Ossetia declared its independence from Georgia in the early 1990s after a bloody war there between ethnic Georgians and Ossetians. The region's independence is not internationally recognized. Russian, Georgian and South Ossetian troops participate in a mixed peacekeeping force there and have maintained a fragile peace broken occasionally by fighting. On Friday, as reports of the shelling began, Russia expressed ""its most serious concern about the escalation of tensions in South Ossetia."" Moscow said it was taking measures to prevent escalation of the conflict as it urged both Georgia and South Ossetia to look for diplomatic ways to calm the situation."
"(CNN) -- The FBI announced Wednesday that it is working with Illinois state and local police to review evidence related to the 1982 Tylenol murders. James W. Lewis served time for sending a $1 million extortion note to Johnson & Johnson. ""This review was prompted, in part, by the recent 25th anniversary of this crime and the resulting publicity,"" the FBI said in a written statement. ""Further, given the many recent advances in forensic technology, it was only natural that a second look be taken at the case and recovered evidence."" The anniversary coincided with a number of tips to law enforcement agencies related to the crimes, the FBI said. Agents on Wednesday searched the Cambridge, Massachusetts, house of James W. Lewis, who was convicted of sending an extortion note to Johnson & Johnson but denied having anything to do with the poisonings. Lewis's wife LeAnn is listed as administrator of a Web design company called Cyberlewis.com. Its Web site lists the company's address as the same address that authorities searched Wednesday. On its Web site is posted a note that says, in part, "" ... I was villified (sic) globally as the Tylenol Man, accused of being the mass murderer who spiked Tylenol with cyanide in Chicago back in 1982, killing seven. Those grotesque accusations obviously were false, otherwise I could not be writing these words. After 25 years, the Tylenol murders remain unsolved. I have lived a long, bizarre life and I have seen a lot, yet I am literate and lucid enough to view and describe, compare and contrast hugely diverse worlds, cultures and topics, without a moment of boredom, all with an eye to professionalism, demographics and marketability plus ears and heart sensitive to good taste and victims' feelings."" A call to LeAnne Lewis' telephone number was not immediately returned. FBI spokeswoman Gail Marcinkiewicz said two searches in Cambridge were under way ""related to an ongoing investigation."" She would not say whether they were related to the Tylenol case. Criminal charges have not been filed in the seven Chicago-area killings, which occurred after Extra-Strength Tylenol capsules were laced with potassium cyanide. The killings led to changes in packaging of over-the-counter drugs. Johnson & Johnson, parent of the drug maker, McNeil, was widely credited for its aggressiveness in recalling the product and its openness in dealing with the killings, and the product quickly bounced back in sales. It remains a popular analgesic. ""Johnson & Johnson cannot comment on the status of any ongoing investigation into the murders of 1982,"" said company spokesman Jeff Leebaw. CNN's Fran Fifis contributed to this story from Boston."
"(CNN)  -- A 47-year-old woman who became paralyzed after breaking her neck and back on a turbulent flight is developing some motion in her toes and regaining some sensation after two operations, her doctor said Wednesday. Dr. Trey Fulp, an orthopedic spine surgeon who performed the surgeries at McAllen Medical Center in McAllen, Texas, told CNN that the woman initially was paralyzed from the chest down. She underwent six hours of surgery Saturday and a more than five-hour operation late Tuesday, the surgeon said. ""She is very brave and is talking,"" Fulp said. ""If she walks again, I get the first dance."" The woman was on Continental Flight 511 en route from Houston, Texas, to McAllen early Saturday, a one-hour trip that had been delayed more than three hours because of severe storms that barreled through the Houston area on Friday night. The woman's attorney, Ramon Garcia, said Tuesday that his client struck her head on the bathroom ceiling when the plane suddenly dropped during turbulence. ""We have a lady who got out of her seat and went to the bathroom,"" Garcia said. ""And while either in the bathroom or coming out of the bathroom is when this situation occurred."" The woman was stretched out on the plane's floor for the remainder of the flight until paramedics could start treating her, the attorney said. Fulp said another physician was on the flight. When that doctor realized the woman couldn't get up, he held her until the flight landed 20 minutes later. Garcia said his client, a mother of three, did not want to be identified. Continental spokeswoman Mary Clark on Tuesday confirmed that the flight -- carrying 104 passengers and five crew members -- experienced turbulence and that two passengers and a crew member were transported to a hospital in McAllen. Clark said one passenger and the crew member were released, but the other passenger remains hospitalized. ""Our focus is assisting the customer who is still in hospital and her family,"" Clark said. Seat belt lights were illuminated during the turbulence, the spokeswoman said. However, it's not clear whether the passenger was already out of her seat when the light came on or whether she ignored the light and got up to go to the bathroom. Federal aviation authorities are investigating. The Federal Aviation Administration said it's providing crucial flight information to the National Transportation Safety Board. CNN's Melanie Whitley and Ekin Middleton contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Staff Sgt. Bartek Bachleda doesn't consider himself a hero, but passengers on a recent jumbo jet flight might beg to differ. Staff Sgt. Bartek Bachleda says he knew the plane he was riding in was losing fuel and videotaped the problem. One of 300 passengers on a United Airlines flight from Chicago, Illinois, to Tokyo, Japan, in April, Bachleda noticed white ""smoke"" billowing from the left side of the Boeing 747-400 jet on takeoff and then again at cruising altitude of over 30,000 feet. He said he was sure it was a leak, a big one that could lead to a potentially dangerous situation. Bachleda, 30, should know. He serves in an air refueling squadron in the U.S. Air Force. He videotaped the midair vapor from his window seat and tried to warn a flight attendant. But at first, she paid him no heed. ""When I initially hit the call button, she thought maybe I wanted something, and she said, 'Sir, I'm handing out drinks, I'll be right back with you,' "" Bachleda said. Undeterred, Bachleda called her back to his seat. ""Ma'am,"" he said. ""It's looking bad."" He identified himself and showed the flight attendant his video. ""I decided, if the captain doesn't know about this before we go oceanic -- meaning once we fly over the ocean -- and we're leaking this massive amount of fuel, this is going to be a bad day,"" said Bachleda, on a return trip back to Kadena Air Base in Japan, where he is stationed. This time the flight attendant took him seriously, immediately stopped serving drinks and alerted the flight crew.  Watch more on the plane leak  . United Airlines spokesman Jeff Kovick said the crew was already aware of the situation and was considering what action to take when Bachleda brought it to their attention. He said the captain would never have attempted a Pacific crossing. In Bachleda's estimation, the plane, which United said has a capacity of 373,000 pounds of jet fuel, was losing about 6,000 pounds an hour. Over the course of a 13-hour flight, the plane would have lost about 20 percent of its tank. But a former NTSB official said the plane still would have had to land because it lacked extra fuel to divert once it was over the Pacific or circle at its destination. The jet landed in San Francisco, California -- with all 300 passengers safe."
"Lisbon, Portugal (CNN)  -- Let's face it, footballers have a bad rep. They are labelled by many as overpaid selfish prima donnas who could not care less about the world around them. This may in reality apply to some players, but definitely not all of them. In Lisbon I recently met many who truly enjoy being role models and were honored to take part in the 7th edition of the United Nations (UN) Match Against Poverty. This year, in light of the tragic earthquake in Haiti, all of the proceeds went to the devastated country as 55 thousand people filled the Stadium of Light to greet some of the best footballers on the planet, both past and present. The likes of Kaka, Thierry Henry, Luis Figo and Zinedine Zidane lent a hand to this cause. Organizers were hoping to raise over $750 000 and in ticket sales alone, that target was reached. Having the privilege to be behind the scenes at this match in my home country, I spoke with various players about their involvement in it. One of the most concerned about the plight of the Haitian people was Thierry Henry. The Barcelona forward, who made headlines for the wrong reasons after his controversial handball which helped prevent Ireland from attending the World Cup, had already personally pledged $90,000 to the French aid agency Medecins sans Frontieres. ""I am very touched by this tragedy and it is very good that everybody should mobilize in order to help Haiti,"" Henry told his club side Barcelona's official Web site. ""This touches me because almost 20 years ago something similar happened in (the French Caribbean island of) Guadeloupe and I know what the Haitians must be going through. I have many friends over there. Haiti is a former French colony and it's as if we are cousins."" Henry showed true concern for a nation that needs all the help it can get to rebuild its infrastructure and its hope. Zidane, Kaka and Figo were others who told me they were shocked by some of the footage they saw coming out of Haiti. As the death toll rose, they felt they needed to do something to help, and were delighted so many high-profile names showed up. In all, some 40 international players participated in a match that was qualified as a success by all, including the former Arsenal striker. ""We must help them. I felt I should do something and that's why I have decided to make a donation to Medecins sans Frontieres,"" said the former Arsenal legend."
"(CNN) -- The Renault Formula One team have commenced legal proceedings against former driver Nelson Piquet Junior over allegations made by the Brazilian that he was asked by the team to deliberately crash his car in last year's Singapore Grand Prix. Renault boss Flavio Briatore has issued a statement confirming legal proceddings against Nelson Piquet Jr. It has been claimed that Renault boss, Flavio Briatore, in order to maximize the chances of Fernando Alonso winning the 2008 race, planned the crash of teammate Piquet Jr. Renault have hit back against the allegations concerning the event made by Piquet Jr in an official statement on their Web site. ""Managing Director Flavio Briatore personally wish[es] to state criminal proceedings against Nelson Piquet Junior and Nelson Piquet Senior [have commenced] in France concerning the making of false allegations,"" the statement read. The statement added the three-times former world champion and his son had also attempted to ""blackmail the team"" into allowing Piquet Jr to continue to drive until the end of the 2009 season. Renault, who dismissed Piquet Jr as their driver in August, confirmed they have referred the matter to the British police. The French car constructor face being thrown out of Formula One if the allegations are proved by an investigation being conducted by the governing body of world motorsport, the FIA. The team will go before the FIA's World Motor Sport Council in Paris on September 21 to hear the findings of the probe. Double world champion Alonso won the race -- the first for Renault in two years -- despite starting from 15th on the grid. Intriguingly, Renault ran a light fuel load on Alonso's car -- thereby increasing the driver's speed. Just two laps after Alonso came in early to take on more fuel, Piquet's crash forced the deployment of the safety car and the subsequent pit stop of nearly all other drivers, an action that promoted Alonso to fifth from where he went onto to secure victory. Piquet attributed the crash to a simple error at the time. Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone recently warned ""there is going to be a lot of trouble"" if the allegations are found to be true. The FIA proved with the spygate saga only circumstantial evidence is required for them to impose strict penalties. On that occasion they fined McLaren $80 million for breaching the same article that is now now faced by Renault."
"Lima, Peru (CNN) -- Peru will turn over to Chilean authorities all evidence into allegations that a Peruvian air force officer was spying for the neighboring country, Peruvian President Alan Garcia said Monday. Garcia ordered his foreign minister and justice department to hand over all details of the investigation so Chile could ""give the corresponding explanations,"" he said in a televised address. The alleged spying by Chile, Garcia declared, was the result of fear and an inferiority complex by the Chileans. He added that Peru will not let the incident become a full-blown crisis between the two nations. The suspect, Victor Ariza Mendoza, remained imprisoned at a maximum security facility north of Lima, authorities said. Two other Peruvian air force officers, accused of being collaborators, also were detained, as were two Chilean military officers who were alleged accomplices, CNN en Espaol reported. Mendoza could face charges of treason, which carry a minimum sentence of 25 years. News of the spy case caused Garcia to prematurely end a trip to Singapore for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation. Garcia and his Chilean counterpart, Michelle Bachelet, had planned to attend a workshop Saturday with other world leaders, but the Peruvian leader canceled his agenda to return to Lima. Chile has dismissed the espionage allegations. ""Chile has nothing to do with this case,"" Chilean Foreign Minister Mariano Fernandez told reporters after a meeting with his nation's ambassador to Peru. According to local media, the suspected spy once worked at the Peruvian Embassy in Chile and sold secrets to the Chileans since 2002, CNN en Espaol reported. Chile and Peru have a history of animosity, having fought in the War of the Pacific from 1879 to 1883. Hard feelings linger to this day. The two nations nearly came to war in 1975, when left-wing Peruvian leader Juan Velasco, who was backed by Cuba, wanted to invade Chile, which was led by right-wing Gen. Augusto Pinochet. The invasion was called off, and Velasco was deposed in a coup a short while later. Tensions rose again when Peru discovered a Chilean spy mission, but war was averted. More recently, tensions between the two South American nations flared in December after the revelation that Peru's top army general said at a party that Chileans in Peru would be sent back in coffins or body bags. Both countries said they would work to heal relations after the general's comments. Journalist Gisu Guerra contributed to this report."
HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN)  -- Deaths in Zimbabwe related to the cholera epidemic are approaching 2,000, the World Health Organization said Tuesday, and close to 40,000 people have been affected by the preventable water-borne disease. Two men rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border in December. Statistics released by the Geneva, Switzerland-based organization WHO on Tuesday show 1,937 people have died in the raging epidemic from the 38,334 who contracted the disease since its outbreak in August. Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana. The epidemic comes at a time when President Robert Mugabe's government is facing its worst economic crisis, manifested in shortages of all essentials from food, fuel, cash, foreign currency and electricity and a hyperinflationary economy. Health experts have said Harare's failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals is the main driver of the disease. Most residents have resorted to rivers and shallow wells for drinking water, because taps are usually dry. On top of that problem, the waste-disposing system has collapsed. Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe. Last month, Mugabe's government declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency. Since then, international governments and organizations such as WHO, Doctors Without Borders, Oxfam, USAID and other U.N. groups have moved in to combat the disease that has engulfed all of Zimbabwe's provinces. But the situation has not immediately improved. Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned this month that the epidemic could get worse as the rainy season develops. Harare issued a warning Monday that some parts of the country are going to experience floods during rainy season, further compounding the fight against the disease. The season peaks in January or February and ends in late March. Mugabe and rival Morgan Tsvangirai signed a power-sharing deal in September to run the government after a hotly contested presidential election. It was widely hoped that the deal would be the panacea to the humanitarian and economic problems bewildering the once-prosperous Zimbabwe, but the pact is yet to take effect. The sides continue to debate the sharing of key Cabinet ministries such as information, local government, finance, defense and home affairs.
"(CNN) -- Singer Stephen Gately, a member of the Irish band Boyzone, died of natural causes, a court spokeswoman on the Spanish island of Majorca said Tuesday. Stephen Gately died Saturday while he and his partner were visiting the Spanish island of Majorca. The court spokeswoman, who by custom is not identified, said Gately, 33, died Saturday of acute pulmonary edema, according to preliminary autopsy reports. There was no sign of violence in his death, the spokeswoman said. The judge has authorized Gately's family to transfer the body out of Spain, the spokeswoman added. According to the Mayo Clinic, pulmonary edema is caused by excess fluid in the lungs. The fluid collects in the lungs' air sacs, making it difficult to breathe. Gately's partner, Andrew Cowles, testified before an investigating magistrate for about 15 minutes Tuesday, while the autopsy was conducted nearby at the island's forensic institute, the court spokeswoman said. Authorities will send samples from the body to a laboratory in Barcelona. Meanwhile, the court will hear testimony from other witnesses, the court spokeswoman said. The case will be shelved judicially only after the definitive laboratory results have been received, confirming the presumed natural death, the spokeswoman said. Health Library: What is pulmonary edema? In a statement on the Boyzone Web site, Gately's fellow bandmates, Ronan Keating, Keith Duffy, Mikey Graham and Shane Lynch said: ""We are completely devastated by the loss of our friend and brother, Stephen. We have shared such wonderful times together over the years and were all looking forward to sharing many more. ""Stephen was a beautiful person in both body and spirit. He lit up our lives and those of the many friends he had all over the world. Our love and sympathy go out to Andrew and Stephen's family. We love you and will miss you forever, 'Steo.' "" Boyzone made history in the United Kingdom with 16 consecutive Top Five hits, according to Ticketmaster's Web site. It's one of Ireland's best-selling bands, with six No. 1 singles in the United Kingdom, and four No. 1 albums, Ticketmaster said. The group, which separated in 2000 to pursue solo projects, reunited in 2008. Its greatest hits album -- ""Back Again ... No Matter What"" -- was released last year. Gately joined the band in 1993 after answering an audition ad. ""A lot of people didn't think we would make it out of Ireland back then,"" he said previously on the group's Web site. ""We were overwhelmed when Boyzone began to take off, it was incredible."" CNN's Al Goodman contributed to this story."
"(CNN) -- Two human-rights activists were shot and killed in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, on Thursday evening, leading a U.N. investigator to call for an independent investigation to prove that Kenyan police were not involved. U.N. invesitgator Phillip Alston said an inquiry into the activists deaths was the only way to eliminate suspicions of police involvement. The shootings spurred a protest by students that led police to fatally shoot a student, police said. A U.N. investigator called the killings of the human-rights workers an assassination. ""It is extremely troubling when those working to defend human rights in Kenya can be assassinated in broad daylight in the middle of Nairobi,"" Phillip Alston said. ""There is an especially strong onus on the Kenyan government to arrange for an independent investigation into these killings, given the circumstances surrounding them."" Alston said many are suspicious that the police were involved and an independent investigation is the only way to eliminate the suspicion. The Kenyan National Commission on Human Rights also called for an independent probe and planned to hold a news conference Friday. Oscar Kamau Kingara, a longtime critic of Kenyan police, was fatally shot while driving near the the state house, the home of Kenya's president. Kingara's colleague John Paul Oulu also was killed by the gunmen, who fled. Kingara founded the Oscar Foundation, an organization that provides legal aid to the poor in Kenya. He released a report last year alleging that Kenyan police had killed or kidnapped more than 500 people in an effort to control a gang in the country called the Mungiki. Both men also provided information to the United Nations this year that helped the organization release a scathing report about police brutality and police killings in Kenya. The U.N. report released in late February accused Kenyan police of widespread extrajudicial killings, and called for the removal of the East African nation's police commissioner and its attorney general. Kenyan police said in a statement Friday that investigators were looking for two suspects who were seen fleeing after the shootings of Kingara and Oulu. Police also said they would investigate three officers who shot at college students who protested after the human rights activists were killed. ""That use of lethal force during this confrontation was unprofessional and uncalled for. It has also been confirmed one student later died at Kenyatta National Hospital following bullet injuries suffered during this confrontation with the police,"" the police statement said. CNN's David McKenzie contributed to this report."
"SYDNEY, Australia -- Eamon Sullivan regained the 50-meter freestyle world record with a 21.41 seconds swim at the Australian Olympic trials in Sydney. Sullivan had lost his 50m freestyle record to Frenchman Alain Bernard four days ago. He took the record back from Frenchman Alain Bernard, who recorded  21.50 seconds at the European championships four days ago. Sullivan had held the record with 21.56, set in Sydney in February. After missing out on Bernard's 100m record late on Wednesday, Sullivan said he hoped to improve his 50m time in Friday's final. ""I came in a bit more relaxed tonight, having got the 100m final out of the way last night and getting into the team for Beijing. ""It's sweet to get the record back off Alain after missing out on the 100m world record last night and after he broke the 50m record so quickly after I did it. ""I know I have another swim left so there's always another chance. I hope I can go faster in the final, but I like to think I can take a couple of a hundredths of a second leading into a final, so we'll see."" Sullivan missed Bernard's 100m world record by just two-hundredths of a second in qualifying in 47.52 seconds for the Olympics. Libby Trickett broke the women's 100m freestyle world record with a 52.88 seconds swim. Trickett, formerly Libby Lenton and competing for the first time under her married name, beat the 53.30 mark set by Germany's Britta Steffen in Budapest on August 2, 2006. It is the second time Trickett has broken the 53-second barrier, but her previous time of 52.99 at the Duel in the Pool in Sydney last year was not ratified by  FINA because she was swimming against American superstar Michael Phelps. ""I can't tell you how much I wanted to break that record ever since doing it in the Duel in the Pool in April last year. I just wanted it so badly,"" Trickett said. ""To see it officially up there on the scoreboard is just amazing. All my events are very important to me, but the 100m freestyle holds a special place in my heart and to know that four years ago I was going 0.8 seconds off, that is just awesome."" ""I've come so far, it's been an amazing journey, but I am just so happy to be part of this team. We have some fantastic girls coming through and it's going to be great for our relay team."" E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN)  -- Brendon Pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from Cape Town, South Africa, Wednesday. Men were sweating profusely, women were crying. ""There was fear on their faces,"" Pelser said. ""Everyone started panicking."" But the pilot of Nationwide Airlines' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport. Including crew, 100 hundred people were on the plane that departed at 3:50 p.m. on an hourlong flight to Johannesburg, South Africa. No one was injured. The jet had only been in the air about 10 minutes before the engine fell. ""We heard something crash and bang, the plane veering left and right. A person on the right side said the engine was missing -- had broken clean off,"" said Pelser.  Watch Pelser describe how the flight crew told passengers to ""prepare for the worst""  . ""They flew us in very slowly. We were all prepared for the worst. We went into the fetal position, head between the legs,"" he said. ""Then we hit the runway."" ""I did kind of pray. I didn't want to die. I'm not really ready to die,"" the 33-year-old said. An object had been sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground and officials are trying to identify it. The engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine ""when extreme forces are applied,"" to prevent structural damage to the wing, Nationwide said on its Web site. The airline described the incident as a ""catastrophic engine failure."" As the nose wheel lifted from the ground, ""the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft (sideways slippage) to the right,"" the airline said in a news release. The flight instruments showed the No. 2 engine on the right side had failed, it said. Pelser said he spent the night in Cape Town, then flew back to Johannesburg where he lives, on the same airline. Nationwide said the engine had undergone a major overhaul in March 2005 at ""an approved Federal Aviation Authority facility in the U.S.A."" and had flown only 3,806 hours since then. ""These engines typically achieve 10,000 hours between major overhauls,"" Nationwide Airlines' press release stated. E-mail to a friend ."
"ROME, Italy (CNN)  -- Amanda Knox will testify Friday in an Italian courtroom to defend herself against charges that she took part in the killing of her roommate two years ago, her lawyer said. American college student Amanda Knox, 21, is expected to take the witness stand Friday at her Italian murder trial. Knox, 21, an American college student from Seattle, Washington, will be questioned by her attorneys first and her testimony could continue Saturday, said Luciano Ghriga, one of her lawyers. The trial against Knox and her Italian former boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito, 24, began January 16 in Perugia, a university town about 185 kilometers (115 miles) north of Rome. They are charged with murder and sexual assault in the November 2007 slaying of Knox's roommate, British exchange student Meredith Kercher, who died in what prosecutors called a ""drug-fueled sex game"" with the couple. A third person, Rudy Hermann Guede, from the Ivory Coast, was convicted of murder in October and sentenced to 30 years in prison. Kercher was found dead in her bed, half-naked, with a knife wound to her neck. In court papers, prosecutors stated that Sollecito held Kercher by her wrists while Knox poked at her with a knife and Guede sexually assaulted her. Prosecutors say they have physical evidence placing the defendants at the scene, and that they gave investigators confusing and contradictory statements about their whereabouts the night Kercher died. Knox first said she was at the house she shared with Kercher, then changed her story, according to court records. Sollecito, meanwhile, said he was never at the house, but was at his apartment, watching a movie on his computer with Knox. Later, he told investigators he did not remember whether Knox was with him the entire night. Defense lawyers are expected to argue that the physical evidence was tainted by sloppy police work. The case is being heard by a panel of eight judges. The trial has drawn more than 140 journalists from 86 news outlets to the courthouse in Perugia, Italy. The presiding judge in the case, Giancarlo Massei, has barred cameras from the courtroom and said he could completely close portions of the trial dealing with the most graphic sexual assault allegations."
"Washington (CNN) -- U.S. government experts trying to construct a model of radiation plumes emanating from Japan's Fukushima Daiichi power plant are being hampered by a ""paucity of good data,"" a senior administration official told CNN. ""We have done some (computer) modeling,"" the official said, noting the government ""got a little bit of data"" when helicopters from the USS Ronald Reagan encountered low levels of radiation during flights in the area. But information has been scant, the official said, adding, ""Garbage in, garbage out."" The official spoke on background because he was not authorized to speak publicly. Experts use computer models of plumes to both track radioactivity or other harmful releases and predict their paths. U.S. officials as well as industry officials and critics say radiation from Fukushima Daiichi will not pose a significant health threat to the United States. But plumes could be a factor in causing flight and maritime restrictions. The official said the United States is sending 39 people and 17,200 pounds of equipment to Japan to assist in efforts to bring the reactors under control. Among the gear is aerial measuring capability to provide radiation readings. He stressed the importance of getting ""boots on the ground"" to get good data. From the first hours of the incident, the president's chief Homeland Security adviser, John Brennan, along with personnel from the Department of Energy, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and other agencies have been maintaining close contacts ""as best we could"" with people on the ground in Japan, the official said. Officials have been drawing on a variety of sources for information, including both official and personal contacts in Japan, and open-source material, such as public statements from the Japanese government and Tokyo Electric Power Company web sites. At the Department of Energy, a nuclear incident team has been monitoring developments around the clock, he said. But data has been hard to come by, and there are ""conflicting reports"" about damage in some of the reactors, the official said. ""There's a lot of genuine confusion about what is going on,"" he said. U.S. officials also still do not know what caused the fire in Reactor 4 at the Fukushima Daiichi plant. There is concern that fuel rods in a spent fuel storage pool may have been exposed. That fire reportedly burned for two hours before being extinguished."
"(CNN) -- Venus Williams is looking forward to a continuing her winning run after retaining her Abierto Mexicano Telcel title in Acapulco on Sunday. The American followed up her victory at the Dubai Tennis Championships the previous weekend to win both tournaments for the second year in a row, taking her up to equal 10th on the all-time women's list of WTA Tour wins. Top seed Williams had to come from behind against first-time finalist Polona Hercog on the red clay before triumphing 2-6 6-2 6-3. ""I don't want to stop here -- hopefully next year I can win this one three times,"" former world No. 1 Williams told the WTA Tour Web site. ""I definitely expected her to play tough. She didn't miss too many shots and I have to give her credit, not just for today but for her whole week. Even though she was playing well, I had to find a way to make my game better. ""Hopefully I'll win more and more this year. I love winning titles, I love seeing that number go up. It feels good. There is no limit. Who wants to have a limit on titles? Not me."" Hercog did, however, win her first senior title in the doubles, as the Slovenian world No. 60 teamed up with Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic to defeat Italians Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci in three sets. In the men's final, third seed David Ferrer beat Juan Carlos Ferrero 6-3 3-6 6-1 to avenge his defeat by his fellow Spaniard in last weekend's title match in Buenos Aires. Former world No. 1 Ferrero had been seeking his third title of the four-week South American leg of the ATP Tour, having also won in Costa do Sauipe in Brazil. There are no individual top-level men's tournaments this week as the focus switches to the opening round of the Davis Cup, with defending champions Spain hosting Switzerland and runners-up the Czech Republic away to Belgium. Croatia, beaten in the last four by the Czechs, are at home to promoted Ecuador while fellow semifinalists Israel travel to Chile. Other World Group matches see France take on Germany, the United States visit Serbia, Russia at home to India and Sweden against Argentina."
"BEDFORD HEIGHTS, Ohio (CNN) -- After two years of traveling around the country and criticizing President Bush, President-elect Barack Obama said Friday that he ""always thought [Bush] was a good guy."" Barack Obama tells CNN's John King that it was ""tough"" for him to request the additional bailout funds. ""I mean, I think personally he is a good man who loves his family and loves his country,"" Obama said in an exclusive interview with CNN's John King. During the election season, Obama frequently campaigned against what he called Bush's ""failed policies"" and promised a ""clean break"" from the past eight years. Asked if there was anything he wanted to take back, now that he has spent more time with the president, Obama praised Bush's team for helping with a smooth transition and said part of what America is about is being able to have ""disagreements politically and yet treat each other civilly."" Obama also said he thought Bush made ""the best decisions that he could at times under some very difficult circumstances."" ""That does not detract from my assessment that over the last several years, we have made a series of bad choices and we are now going to be inheriting the consequences of a lot of those bad choices,"" Obama said. In addition to his relationship with Bush, Obama also discussed some key issues that he will face in the first days of his administration, including national security and the economy. Even before taking the oath of office, Obama has already faced a showdown with Congress over releasing what remains of the $700 bailout bill that Bush and Congress authorized before the election. The $350 billion that the Senate approved will come with specific conditions, Obama said. ""There's nothing wrong with us placing some conditions, making sure that the money's not going to executive compensation, making sure you're not seeing big dividend payoffs to shareholders and making sure that money is being left so that we can get credit flowing again, not just for individual homeowners who are losing their homes, but also small businesses who are the lifeblood of this economy. ""If they can't get credit, then they end up having to shutter their doors. And when they shutter their doors, people lose jobs. They then can't pay their mortgage, and you start down the road that we're on. We want to reverse that path, and that means that's the way we use the next $350 billion that Congress voted on, and that was a very tough vote for a lot of people. And it was tough for me to have to request it,"" he said. Obama sat down with King after he took a factory tour in Bedford Heights, Ohio."
"(CNN)  -- More than 14 months after they fled fighting between rebel and government forces, park rangers who monitor mountain gorillas in war-torn Democratic Republic of Congo have returned to the reserve. Young gorillas play in Congo's Virunga National Park in an undated photograph. It is a welcome sight at Virunga National Park, where around 200 of the world's 700 mountain gorillas live. Samantha Newport, communications director for the refuge, told CNN on Friday that 70 rangers have returned to the gorilla refuge. They left when the sector was taken over by Laurent Nkunda's Tutsi armed force, which is fighting Congolese soldiers and their militia allies. About 50 other rangers who fled after rebels seized the park headquarters last month also have come back, Newport said, and about 150 other rangers will be returning after being away for a month or two. Around 400 other rangers never left the nearly 8,000-square kilometer park, in which the gorilla reserve encompasses 250 square kilometers, Newport said. The gorilla section of the park lies in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda. Newport said Nkunda's rebels still control much of the park and the preserve, but efforts have been made by combatants to protect the gorilla refuge and not interfere with the park rangers' duties. In a news release, Virunga Park Director Emmanuel de Merode said, ""It is a huge step that all sides have agreed that the protection of Virunga as a World Heritage Site and its mountain gorillas is of sufficient priority to transcend political differences."" He added, ""Rangers are neutral in this conflict, and it is right that they should be allowed to do their job."" The rangers will be conducting a census of the gorillas. There were 72 habituated and around 120 non-habituated gorillas in the reserve in August 2007, when the last census was conducted. That number is expected to change because of births and deaths. Habituated describes those gorillas who are accustomed to contact with humans, and non-habituated refers to those who are not used to human presence, Newport explained. Virunga National Park is a UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) World Heritage Site and Africa's oldest national park. It was formerly known as Albert National Park."
"(CNN) -- Pakistan has been an unreliable ally of the United States in the war against al Qaeda and other extremist organizations, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden told CNN in an interview set to air in full Monday night. Biden, who spoke to CNN's John King on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks, said Pakistan has failed ""on occasion"" when forced to choose between the United States and al Qaeda. The price of Pakistan's choices has been the ""loss of life of American soldiers in Afghanistan,"" the vice president said. Islamabad has ""been very helpful in other times,"" he added. ""But it's not sufficient. They have to get better. We need a relationship that is born out of mutual interest. And it's in their interest that they be more cooperative with us."" ""We are demanding it,"" he said. Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in a compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, in May. Pakistan's government -- which has struggled with significant pro-al Qaeda sentiment within its borders -- was not informed of the attack beforehand. Pakistani authorities insist they did not know bin Laden's location. Despite troubles in Pakistan and elsewhere, the United States is ""getting close"" to bringing about an end to organized, legitimized terrorist activities, Biden said. ""We have done great damage to ... al Qaeda,"" he said. ""Satellite organizations"" have emerged in Somalia and elsewhere, he said, but ""they are less coordinated"" and ""less capable."" ""And we're relentless in pursuing them,"" he added. As a result, Americans are safer today than they were a decade ago, Biden asserted. Regardless, the vice president cautioned that ""there is always a possibility of a lone wolf"" attack within the United States or elsewhere. ""There's always a possibility of an incident occurring, but I do not believe there's anyone right now capable of putting together the kind of extremely complicated planned operation that took place on 9/11,"" he said. Biden said he believes that in 25 years, Americans will ""read about this period of terror as ... a part of a chapter in the history of this country."" The vice president denied former Vice President Dick Cheney's assertion that controversial interrogation techniques such as waterboarding -- stopped by the Obama administration -- would help generate useful intelligence in the war against al Qaeda and other organizations. ""I've seen zero evidence that it works, and I think there's abundant evidence that it hurts us internationally. It hurts our security,"" Biden said. It does so, he said, ""by making a mockery of who we say we are and giving rationale for those who want to do us harm to recruit people."""
"(CNN) -- Inter Milan came from behind to win for the second time in a week to keep their Italian title hopes alive with a 3-1 victory over relegation-threatened Atalanta on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's team followed up the stunning midweek victory over European champions Barcelona to move two points clear of second-placed Roma, who host Sampdoria on Sunday. But key Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder is in doubt for the second leg of the Champions League semifinal in Spain on Wednesday after coming off at halftime with a thigh injury. Atalanta, third from bottom with three matches to play, took a shock fifth-minute lead through Simone Tiribocchi but Inter hit back with three unanswered goals as they did against Barca. Argentina striker Diego Milito scored his 20th Serie A goal of the season to level with a lob in the 24th minute, then Kenyan midfielder McDonald Mariga scored his first for the defending champions with a shot that deflected in off teammate Sulley Muntari. Cristian Chivu, playing at left-back in a revamped defense due to absent Brazilian right-back Maicon's dental problems, sealed victory with 13 minutes to play with a super long-range shot to extend the Nerazzurri's unbeaten home run to 40 league games. The Romanian was delighted after scoring his first goal for Inter following his move from Roma in 2007. ""We're pleased with the victory. It wasn't easy because we were behind, but we knew how to react,"" he told the club's Web site. ""It was an important goal for me and the team: for me because it hasn't been an easy period for me, and for the team because we have to keep winning until the end. Roma's game tomorrow? I won't watch it. The last time I watched Roma, they won. ""From tomorrow we will start thinking about Barcelona. It's a historic moment for us. We have to give our all."" Third-placed AC Milan crashed to a 3-1 defeat at European hopefuls Palermo in Saturday's late match, and now trail their city rivals by nine points with three matches to play. Palermo moved above Sampdoria into fourth spot after going 2-0 up in the first 18 minutes with goals from defender Cesare Bovo and Uruguayan striker Abel Hernandez. Dutch midfielder Clarence Seedorf pulled one back for the visitors 10 minutes after halftime, but striker Fabrizio Miccoli restored the Sicilians' two-goal cushion on 66."
(CNN) -- Samuel Eto'o netted a superb hat-trick to help holders Inter Milan thrash Werder Bremen 4-0 in Champions League Group A. The Cameroon striker opened the scoring in the 21st minute when he slipped the ball under goalkeeper Tim Wiese after Esteban Cambiasso robbed the ball off Daniel Jensen. Eto'o added his second when converting a lofted pass from Lucio and completed his treble nine minutes from time when out-pacing the Werder defence after latching onto Wes Sneijder's pass, and rounding Wiese. And Eto'o also had a hand in the goal that put Inter 3-0 ahead, with his pinpoint pass finding Sneijder -- and the Dutchman fired into the top corner. Inter are level on four points with Tottenham at the top of the table, after the London club beat Dutch champions FC Twente 4-1 in a remarkable match that saw Spurs awarded three penalties and also have Rafael van der Vaart sent off after collecting two yellow cards. Van der Vaart wasted a chance to put the hosts ahead when goalkeeper Nikolay Mihaylov saved his spot-kick after Peter Wisgerhof fouled Peter Crouch in the area. But Van der Vaart made amends soon after the break when converting on the turn a Crouch knock-down. Spurs soon made it 2-0 when Roman Pavlyuchenko scored from the penalty spot after a foul on Gareth Bale. Twente pulled a goal back through substitute Nacer Chadli before van der Vaart was given his marching orders for lunging in on Roberto Rosales. But Tottenham restored their two-goal advantage when Pavlyuchenko netted another spot-kick after a handball in the area and Bale added a late fourth to put the icing on the cake. Meanwhile, in Group B, French giants Lyon -- who are trailing in 18th place in their domestic league after just one victory all season -- claimed a morale- boosting 3-1 win at Israeli side Hapoel Tel Aviv. Michel Bastos scored twice with Miralem Pjanic also on target as Lyon top the table with a maximum six points. Schalke are second in the table after Jefferson Farfan and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar earned the German side a 2-0 win over Benfica in the other group match.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- A top official in Pakistan's troubled Swat Valley was kidnapped Sunday -- a day after a cease-fire between the government and Taliban militants was supposed to go into effect. Girls study this week in Pakistan's Swat Valley, where education fhas been an issue in peace talks. Kushal Khan was on his way to take up his new post as the District Coordination Officer when unknown gunmen kidnapped him and six members of his security guards near Mingora, the valley's main city, officials said. Khan was nabbed a day after the provincial government declared a permanent cease-fire agreement with Taliban militants in the valley. Yet, hours after the announcement, Maulana Fazlullah -- the Taliban commander in the area -- was playing down the agreement with aggressive rhetoric in a radio broadcast. Fazlullah said militants will continue their fight to impose Islamic law, or sharia, in the region.  Watch cease-fire deal with Taliban  . Swat Valley, located in North West Frontier Province, was once one of Pakistan's biggest tourist destinations. It is situated near the Afghanistan border and about 186 miles (300 km) from the capital city of Islamabad . Watch what sharia law requires . The valley boasted the country's only ski resort until it was shut down after militants overran the area. The area was also a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and visitors to the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area. In recent months, however, militants have unleashed a wave of violence that has claimed hundreds of lives across the North West Frontier Province. The militants want to require veils for women, beards for men and ban music and television. The fighting has displaced nearly half of Swat's population, officials said. The central government has long exerted little control in the area, but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants. As retaliation for the military presence, the Taliban carried out a series of deadly bombings, beheadings and kidnappings -- and said the attacks will continue until the troops pull out. On Saturday, the government of the province said it had reached a deal with the Taliban for a permanent cease-fire. It marked a major concession by the Pakistani government in its attempt to hold off Taliban militants. The agreement means boys' schools will reopen on Monday and camps will be set up for Swat residents who have fled the fighting or whose homes had been destroyed.  Watch what sharia law requires  . CNN's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .
"(CNN) -- The Toyota-owned Fuji International Speedway circuit will stop hosting the Japanese Grand Prix from next year -- the track operators have announced. The Toyota-owned Fuji circuit will not be hosting the Japanese Grand Prix due to financial concerns. Fuji Speedway hosted the Formula One race in 2007 and 2008. The race is set to return to the Honda-owned Suzuka circuit this year, and was due back at Fuji for the 2010 race -- as the 16th leg of the 18-race Formula One series. The two venues were originally due to alternate hosting the Japanese Grand Prix but, due to the current downturn in the global economy, Fuji Speedway have confirmed they will no longer host the event. Fuji Speedway opened in 1965. It staged F1 races in 1976 and in 1977, when a spectator and steward died after a Ferrari driven by Gilles Villeneuve ploughed into the crowd. ""We decided it would be extremely difficult to continue holding the F1 Japanese Grand Prix in view of sharply deteriorating business conditions and few signs of a rapid economic recovery,"" Fuji International Speedway said in a statement. ""I apologize deeply for being unable to live up to expectations. It is truly heartbreaking,"" Hiroaki Kato, president of the the company that runs the circuit, told reporters. Kato said the economic downturn was causing a dramatic fall in the number of people attending motor sports events as the world's second-largest economy struggles through its worst recession since World War II. ""We are afraid that unless we circuit operators and promoters grit our teeth and support domestic motorsports, it will not be able to keep on going,"" he added. Toyota's decision to pull outcomes as the global economic crisis forces Japanese automakers to slash costs. Honda has sold its Formula One team while Suzuki and Subaru have withdrawn from the world rally championship. Motorcycle maker Kawasaki has exited the MotoGP and Mitsubishi is quitting the Dakar Rally despite a dozen victories. Toyota overtook American rival General Motors in 2008 as the world's top selling automaker but fell into the red for the first time in the year to March with a net loss of 436.9 billion yen ($4.6 billion). It expects a bigger net loss of 550 billion yen this year."
"(CNN) -- Hold on to the audacity of hope but shun the arrogance of over-promising. A scholar says President Obama could learn from Lyndon Johnson's Great Society mistakes. That's the message from a scholar who says President Obama can learn much from the success and mistakes of another ambitious attempt to remake America. Robert Weisbrot, co-author of ""The Liberal Hour: Washington and the Politics of Change in the 1960s,'' says the Great Society revolution was ""tremendously liberating"" for members of the most vulnerable groups in America. The Great Society was President Lyndon Johnson's sprawling legislative attempts in the mid-1960s to lift Americans out of poverty, erase racial injustice and clean up the environment. But historical circumstances won't permit Obama to push through his own Great Society, Weisbrot says. ""Obama is living in a different age,"" Weisbrot said. ""The circumstances won't permit him to be another Lyndon Johnson."" Obama came to office with the nation's economic institutions verging on collapse. He also has to contend with bitter partisanship and a public that's suspicious of big government programs. ""Obama needs to not only learn lessons from the Great Society but keep in mind the limits of what he can draw from a fundamentally different age,"" Weisbrot said. Americans were ready for the Great Society when Johnson became president, he says. The country was enjoying a post-World War II economic boom. The Republican and Democratic parties worked together because both had a significant number of moderates. And people had more faith in the federal government, which had led the nation out of the Great Depression and World War II and helped rebuild the European economy, Weisbrot says. ""For many Americans, the federal government could achieve anything for which there was a national mandate,"" Weisbrot said. Yet that same optimism helped stain the Great Society's legacy, Weisbrot says. He says Johnson framed the Great Society as a war to defeat poverty and racial injustice. He over-promised, particularly when the Vietnam War began to drain away resources for the Great Society. ""Lyndon Johnson dealt in hyperbole,"" Weisbrot said. ""It works well in getting legislation through Congress, but it sets the nation up for disillusionment when the promised Utopia didn't materialize."""
"(CNN) -- English Premier League side Everton are pondering proposing a ground share with city rivals Liverpool following the rejection of plans for their own 50,000 stadium. Everton had proposed the new $660 million combined stadium and shopping complex for Kirkby, located north-east of the city, but were rejected by the local council. Chief executive Robert Elstone admits the club could be interested in teaming up with their city neighbours at Stanley Park, the planned location for Liverpool's new 61,000 stadium. ""We are going to look forward and look forward positively,"" Elston told the British Press Association. ""A shared stadium is perhaps an option if it's affordable."" Everton are keen to take advantage of the increased revenue a bigger stadium would bring over their current 40,000-capacity Goodison Park ground. With their Kirkby proposal, which was to be co-funded by British supermarket chain Tesco, looking unlikely to get the go-ahead a ground share with Liverpool would seem an obvious solution especially with the Reds struggling to raise the necessary money to get the development going. ""We have to look at where we can raise money, because potentially Liverpool will have to obviously contribute to that, and Liverpool City Council perhaps might need to find some money,"" added Elston. ""We're going to have to start to have those conversations; we're not going to have to be open-minded about solutions."" Liverpool's American owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett however have previously said they were opposed to such plans as they did not want to lose out on the revenue streams which come from sole ownership. The Anfield club's position seems unlikely to change, at least in the short term, with their deputy executive director Peter Shaw telling Sky Sports: ""It's not on our agenda at the moment. Liverpool are progressing forward with our own stadium. That is the position we are still in."" The rejection of the Kirkby stadium proposal is a major blow to Everton's future plans with the club hoping the development would have encouraged much needed investment. ""That was the big attraction to Kirkby, that it was affordable,"" added Elston. ""Then it's about reviewing alternatives and sitting down with partners, all the stakeholders in this region and anybody who can help Everton deliver what it needs -- which is a world-class stadium that's going to secure our future for years to come."""
"(CNN) -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr will reunite on stage next month to raise money to teach transcendental meditation to children around the world to ""help provide them a quiet haven in a not-so-quiet world,"" McCartney said. Paul McCartney (above) and Ringo Starr are teaming up for a fund-raising concert. The star-studded list of performers who will join them include two musicians who were with the Beatles when they journeyed to India's Himalayan foothills in 1968 to learn transcendental meditation from Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. ""In moments of madness, it has helped me find moments of serenity,"" McCartney said in the concert announcement. Profits from the April 4 show at New York's Radio City Music Hall will fund the David Lynch Foundation's program, which has already taught 60,000 children around the world how to meditate, foundation spokesman Steve Yellin said. The goal of the project -- which is called ""Change Begins Within"" -- is to teach the meditation technique to a million at-risk children so they have ""life-long tools to overcome stress and violence and promote peace and success in their lives,"" Yellin said. Schools across the United States have asked the group to bring the classes to their students, he said. ""I would like to think that it would help provide them a quiet haven in a not-so-quiet world,"" McCartney said. Singer-songwriter Donovan and musician Paul Horn, who studied at the Maharishi's ashram with the four Beatles, will also perform in the show. ""How great to be playing with Paul, Ringo, and Paul Horn again -- as we did in India in 1968,"" Donovan said. ""It's a real reunion after 40 years of Donovan, Paul Horn, Ringo and Paul McCartney,"" Yellin said. ""It's quite an interesting thing that they are still talking about transcendental meditation."" Ringo left the ashram after just 10 days -- explaining the food was too spicy for his taste -- and McCartney stayed for six weeks, according to journalist Lewis Lapham in his book ""With the Beatles."" McCartney and John Lennon wrote many of the songs for the Beatles' White Album while there, but the group disbanded within two years. The list of performers also includes Sheryl Crow, Eddie Vedder, Ben Harper, Moby, Bettye LaVette and Jim James. Tickets go on sale Monday, March 9, through Ticketmaster."
By . Graham Smith . PUBLISHED: . 05:32 EST, 23 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:02 EST, 23 June 2012 . This two-day-old baby hedgehog is in a prickly situation as she waits for her mother to recover from a gardening accident. The newborn, called Honey, is in safe hands as she is looked after by animal welfare officers at Withington Hedgehog Hospital Trust in Manchester. Her mother was injured when a lawnmower accidentally ran her over. Newborn: Two-day-old hedgehog Honey is being looked after by animal welfare officers at Withington Hedgehog Hospital Trust in Manchester after her mother was injured in a lawnmower accident . She is now being nursed back to health alongside 22 hedgehogs others left injured in gardening accidents. In the last two weeks the trust has seen a surge in new admissions, including several amputees, thanks to strimming accidents. Owner Barbara Roberts, 60, has now issued a plea to householders tackling their summer lawns. She said: 'A lot of us haven't mowed our lawns because of the weather and people don't look. 'I've got 23 babies that are all here . because of people not looking. I want people to be aware because they . are an endangered animal. 'By 2025 we might not have hedgehogs . any more thanks to the dangers of roads, lawnmowers and pesticides. People must look in the garden. Honey is now being nursed back to health alongside 22 hedgehogs others left injured in gardening accidents . Sanctuary: In the last two weeks the hedgehog trust has seen a surge in new admissions, including several amputees, thanks to strimming accidents . Making friends: The trust names each creature that comes in and recent intakes include Willow, Charlotte, Basil, Brad and Roger . Some of Ms Roberts' patients have been rescued after being abandoned by terrified mothers, while 11 of them are amputees. The trust names each creature that comes in and recent intakes include Willow, Charlotte, Basil, Brad and Roger. All of them, including the amputees, will eventually be released back into the wild. Mrs Roberts, who opened the hospital . in 2001, said none of the hedgehogs will be released until they have . been gradually weaned off human contact. She said: 'When they roll into a ball on contact we know they are ready to go.'
"(CNN) -- Gabon's President Omar Bongo, Africa's longest-serving ruler, died Monday morning, the country's prime minister said, settling conflicting reports from government and media accounts. Gabon's President Omar Bongo, who died Monday, was Africa's longest-serving ruler. Calm was reported after the announcement, but Gabon's Ministry of Defense nonetheless announced it was closing all of the country's land, air and sea ports, according to a ministry statement. The statement, which was broadcast on state television and radio, said that in ""the best interest of the nation, the Ministry of Defense calls on the population to increase their vigilance and patriotism during this difficult and painful time the country is facing."" In a statement, Prime Minister Jean Eyeghe Ndong said Bongo suffered cardiac arrest at a hospital in Barcelona, Spain. ""He dedicated his political life to his country and the Gabonese people, always cultivating the unity and cohesion of the Gabonese toward a true peace,"" Ndong said. The government declared a 30-day national period of mourning. Bongo, 73, had been receiving treatment for intestinal cancer at the Quiron clinic in Barcelona, Spain, according to the Gabonews agency. Earlier in the day, the prime minister strongly refuted initial French news reports of Bongo's death. He had vowed to lodge a protest with the French authorities about ""repeated leaks in the French press."" Shortly afterward, hospital officials reported Bongo's passing to Gabonese officials. Bongo took power in 1967, seven years after the West African country's independence from France. He imposed one-party rule a year after succeeding the country's first president, who died in office. He allowed multiparty elections after a new constitution in 1991, but his party has retained control of the government since then. President Obama said Bongo ""played a key role in developing and shaping the strong bilateral relationship that exists between Gabon and the United States today."" ""President Bongo consistently emphasized the importance of seeking compromise and striving for peace, and made protecting Gabon's natural treasures a priority,"" Obama said in a statement Monday. ""His work in conservation in his country and his commitment to conflict resolution across the continent are an important part of his legacy and will be remembered with respect."" CNN's Per Nyberg and Al Goodman contributed to this report."
"RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (CNN) -- Thousands of people celebrated Friday on crowded Copacabana beach as the announcement that Brazil had been chosen as the 2016 Olympics host played live over huge screens erected above the sand. Thousands packed Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro after the city learned it will host the Olympics. ""It was a fantastic victory. We beat the big cities. Passion talked louder,"" said one man as he danced to live samba music in front of the stage. Rio de Janeiro beat out Chicago, Tokyo and Madrid to become the first South American city to host the Games, something President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva made clear during his pitch to the International Olympic Committee. ""It is a time to address this imbalance,"" he told committee members making the selection in Copenhagen, Denmark. ""It is time to light the Olympic cauldron in a tropical country."" Happiness was a big part of Rio's pitch after it was voted the happiest city in the world by Forbes magazine. On Friday, thousands of people piled onto the beach wearing green and yellow, many with the Brazilian flag painted on their faces.  Exuberant Rio de Janeiro is first South American city to host Olympics  . ""I thought that more than to the people, we owe this victory to our President Lula,"" said a woman wearing little more than a bikini. Rio also won points with an ambitious budget and new venues like the Joao Havelange Stadium, which opened for the 2007 Pan American Games. Rio's jaw-dropping natural beauty helped the city pull ahead of the competition. ""Rio is full of all things quintessentially Brazilian: sun, sand, soccer, samba, sensuality,"" the editorial director of Fodor's Travel, Laura Kidder, wrote in an e-mail. ""In Rio, it's about taking each day as it comes and living life to the fullest."" Erik Torkells, editor for TripAdvisor, the world's largest online travel community, also praised the city for its social scene before the selection was made. ""If the Olympic Committee wanted to be sure everyone had a good time, they'd go to Rio,"" Torkells said. The selection also had its critics in Brazil. ""I don't think it's appropriate considering what our country is going through,"" said Orlando Pinto, a social worker. ""We don't have good health services, education; we have transportation problems, housing problems, crime problems."" Security and traffic remain enormous challenges to overcome in Rio de Janeiro. But it was all celebration on Friday as crowds continued to stream onto the beach after the announcement was made."
"NEW DELHI, India (CNN) -- Indian police swiftly handled a ""security scare"" at New Delhi's major airport early Friday amid heightened concern in the wake of last week's terror attack in which gunmen killed 179 people in Mumbai. An Indian soldier joins the beefed up security detail at New Delhi airport. New Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said police responded to reports of gunfire at Indira Gandhi International Airport but found no casualties or damage. Bhagat said there was ""no terror threat."" ""And there's no cause of panic,"" he added. Uday Banerjee, the head of India's Central Industrial Security Force, told reporters at the airport that something sounding like gunshots was heard, but no one saw anything and no bullet casings were found. Indian authorities stepped up security at the nation's airports on Thursday after receiving intelligence reports that terrorists might be planning an air attack. At Indira Gandhi, four armed police stood guard at each entrance, and people waiting for arriving passengers were not allowed inside.  Watch what triggered the security scare there  . ""There have been intelligence inputs about some terrorist activity, and therefore security has been tightened (at airports),"" civil aviation spokesperson Moushmi Chakraborty told CNN.  Watch heightened anxiety after the attacks  . Police beefed up security at all airports including in the capital New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore, Chakraborty said. A spokesman for the Indian Navy, Cmdr. Nirad Sinha, also confirmed to CNN that security officials had received warnings about an airborne attack.  Watch more on increase in security  . The Press Trust of India, a nonprofit newspaper cooperative, said that reports had suggested that terrorists could have sneaked into the country to carry out strikes on the anniversary of the Babri mosque demolition. The mosque -- one of the largest in the Uttar Pradesh state -- was destroyed on December 6, 1992, by Hindu nationalists who believe it was built on the site of an existing temple. On Wednesday India's defense minister met with the chiefs of the army, air force and navy and discussed what the ministry in a news statement called ""possible terror threats from air."" The officials also discussed the country's coastal security plans and how to tighten security along the military line of control dividing the disputed region of Kashmir between India and Pakistan to ""prevent infiltration of terrorists,"" the statement said. India ranks among the countries where terrorism is most common, according to the U.S. State Department. CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh and Sara Sidner contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Texas authorities are urging residents not to cross into the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo during the Fourth of July weekend because of intelligence that a Mexican drug cartel plans to target U.S. citizens. The violent Zetas drug cartel, which operates in Nuevo Laredo, will be targeting crimes at Americans who cross the border into the city this weekend, the Texas Department of Public Safety and Webb County Sheriff's Office said Saturday. ""According to the information we have received, the Zetas are planning a possible surge in criminal activity, such as robberies, extortions, car-jackings and vehicle theft, specifically against U.S. citizens,"" DPS Director Steven McCraw said in a statement. ""We urge U.S. citizens to avoid travel to Nuevo Laredo this weekend if it can be avoided."" Nuevo Laredo is across the border from Laredo, Texas, a city which bills itself as the ""Gateway to Mexico."" Four international bridges link Texas and Mexico at Laredo. An average of 11,000 trucks cross the border daily on those bridges. Besides, commerce, the bridges between Laredo and Nuevo Laredo also connect families who have relatives on both sides of the border. Nuevo Laredo, like most Mexican border cities, offers rows of bars, inexpensive dentists, restaurants and cultural events to draw tourists. But tourism has sharply declined in the past six years as drug cartel violence has spiraled in Mexico. Because of the various bridges into the United States and access to a major highway, Nuevo Laredo has been a turf contested by rival drug cartels. The Zetas are known for having expanded their activities in the area from drug trafficking to exortion, kidnapping and human smuggling. While the officials put out a warning for travel to Nuevo Laredo, they said there is no indication that this cartel criminal spree will crossover into the United States. Officials in Nuevo Laredo said they were not familiar with the Texas warning. ""We are on alert as usual, because that is how we must be in Nuevo Laredo, but there is no special alert here with regards to what the U.S. authorities in Texas are saying,"" said Michelle Jones-Salazar, spokeswoman for the state's public prosecutor's office in Nuevo Laredo. ""This week, there has not been a single gun battle that we have had to respond to or a single dead body. The city continues as usual and we remain vigilant."" CNN's Mariano Castillo and Nick Valencia contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- A British general who advocates a troop ""surge"" in Afghanistan will be appointed head of the British Army next year, the Ministry of Defense said Friday. General David Richards is to become the new head of the British Army next year. Gen. David Richards, the current commander-in-chief of British Land Forces, will take over from Gen. Richard Dannatt in August 2009, when Dannatt's three-year term expires, the defense ministry said. Richards, who is responsible for delivering forces to Afghanistan, Iraq, and Kosovo in his current role, was head of NATO forces in Afghanistan between May 2006 and February 2007. In a June interview with the defense ministry's Defence Focus magazine, Richards called for more troops in order to succeed in Afghanistan. ""Though things have improved, don't think for one minute we can believe that we are 'winning,'"" Richards told the magazine. ""We need to define success carefully and continue to look for opportunities to increase troops for the surge effect that the Americans had in Iraq. We need boots on the ground and reconstruction to win their hearts and minds."" Richards told the magazine that the situation in the country had improved since he commanded NATO forces there, in part because troop numbers had doubled. London's Independent newspaper reported Friday that Richards favors 30,000 additional troops for Afghanistan -- 5,000 more British troops and 25,000 U.S. and Afghan soldiers. Britain currently has about 8,000 troops in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defense said. Richards also believes that a negotiated settlement may be necessary to end the conflict, but that any talks must take place with the Afghan government and NATO in a position of strength, The Independent reported. Although Friday's announcement does not mean an early retirement for Dannatt, British news reports Friday said Dannatt may be passed over for the job of head of the UK armed forces when he steps down from his current role. News reports said Dannatt, 57, had irritated top officials with comments on Iraq policy and highlighting serious strains on the armed forces. In July, Dannatt defended himself after reports that he was expected to resign early. In a letter to The Daily Telegraph newspaper, Dannatt said he intended to serve his full term."
"MANILA, Philippines (CNN) -- Dramatically played out on live television, an opposition politician and rebel military officers surrendered to government forces after taking over a luxury hotel in Manila. ""We're going out for the sake of the safety of everybody,"" Philippines Sen. Antonio Trillanes said. The senator made the decision to give up after the military peppered the inside of the hotel with tear gas. Live pictures from inside the hotel showed reporters and rebel soldiers covering their faces. An armored personnel vehicle was also seen firing into the lobby of Manila's Peninsula hotel and later rammed through the front entrance of the building. ""The situation is contained within the Peninsula hotel, Philippine Defense Secretary Gilberto Teodoro told CNN. ""The perpetrators are in the process of being arrested."" Those who held the hotel were shown being loaded into a Philippine National Police bus. Teodoro said no one was injured, but Associated Press reported that at least two people were injured. The standoff began hours earlier when a group led by Trillanes and Army Brig. Gen. Danilo Lim bolted from a court hearing on charges linked to a failed 2003 coup attempt.  Watch footage of troops storming the hotel in Manila  . ""What happened, to me, was clearly either an attempted rebellion or an attempted coup d'etat,"" Teodoro said. Philippines military and police personnel had been surrounding the hotel, where the group was asking for President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to step down. After Trillanes' announcement, soldiers milled around the outside of the hotel, but the scene had calmed noticeably. Arroyo had issued orders to the military and police in response to the seizure of the hotel, located in Manila's Makati financial district, journalist Adrian Addison told CNN. Few supporters of the rebels were visible around the Peninsula hotel, Addison said. Philippine authorities gave the rebel group until 2:30 p.m. (0630 GMT) to allow guests to leave the hotel, and until 3:00 p.m. (0700 GMT) to surrender, the ABS-CBN news service reported. Businessman Peter Parcel was caught in the middle of the hotel's takeover and subsequent tear-gassing.  Listen to the eyewitness in the hotel describe what happened  . ""I couldn't see and couldn't breathe,"" he said, noting he faced ""at least 100 guns"" as he exited the hotel. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- Barry H. Landau is recognized as one of the foremost collectors of presidential artifacts and memorabilia, having worked with every White House since the Lyndon Johnson administration. Now police in Baltimore are accusing him and another man of stealing millions of dollars worth of historical documents from the Maryland Historical Society. Landau and Jason Savedoff are accused of stealing documents from the society's museum library after an employee thought the pair exhibited suspicious behavior. According to a Baltimore Police Department report, the employee said he watched Savedoff take a document, conceal it in a portfolio and walk out of the library with it on Saturday. The employee then called police. The report states 60 documents were found in Savedoff's locker near the library, some of which were signed out by Landau. The men were found to be in possession of documents signed by President Abraham Lincoln valued at $300,000, along with signed commemorations of both the Statue of Liberty and the Washington Monument, each valued at $100,000. The recovered documents also included several presidential inaugural ball invitations and programs with an estimated value of $500,000, according to the police report. ""These are only four (4) of the (60) documents recovered from Mr. Landau and Mr. Savedoff,"" the police report stated. ""The staff of the Maryland Historical Society advised that the other 56 documents are of the same approximate value."" Baltimore police say the FBI has also started an investigation. Maryland Historical Society President Burt Kummerow said he is proud of how the museum handled the situation and is pleased the documents have been returned. ""It would have been a huge loss because then (the documents) are no longer in the public record and then they're no longer available,"" he said. Dozens of people enter the museum's special collections unit every day to view original artifacts and conduct research. ""We're in business to study the history of Maryland, and that's why people come in,"" Kummerow said. ""But there are others who would love to collect important documents and own them."" Landau is the author of ""The President's Table: Two Hundred Years of Dining and Diplomacy."" Earlier this month, he told CNN he has collected more than a million presidential objects. In a July 4 piece, Landau discussed how various presidents displayed the American flag and how aides went about positioning them. ""I would like to be appointed to some national position to assure that there will be a resurgence of the flag pole on every new building, and the American flag more prominently displayed on a day to day basis,"" Landau said in an interview for the ""In The Arena"" blog. CNN's Jay Kernis contributed to this report ."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- President Obama drew big laughs at the annual White House Correspondents' Association dinner Saturday, taking jabs at his administration, his Republican rivals and even himself. President Obama delivers some one-liners at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner on Saturday. ""I would like to talk about what my administration plans to achieve in the next 100 days,"" Obama said. ""During the second 100 days, we will design, build and open a library dedicated to my first 100 days."" He added later, ""I believe that my next 100 days will be so successful, I will be able to complete them in 72 days -- and on the 73rd day I will rest."" The Democratic president poked fun at the Republican Party, saying it ""does not qualify for a bailout"" and conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh ""doesn't count as a troubled asset.""  Watch Obama deliver laughs at dinner  . Obama touched on a few gaffes during his short time in office, from Vice President Joe Biden's verbose tendencies to an unfortunate Air Force One photo op that frightened New Yorkers -- playfully pointing his finger at his young daughters. ""Sasha and Malia aren't here tonight because they're grounded,"" he said. ""You can't just take Air Force One on a joyride to Manhattan -- I don't care whose kids you are.""  Watch celebrities mingle before dinner  . As the world shakes off swine flu fears that started in Mexico, Obama noted his old rivalry with former Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton, who now serves as secretary of state. ""We had been rivals during the campaign, but these days we could not be closer,"" the president said. ""In fact, the second she got back from Mexico, she pulled me into a hug and gave me a big kiss -- told me to get down there myself.""  Gallery of celebrity guests  . Obama even took on former Vice President Dick Cheney, who wasn't in attendance: ""He is very busy working on his memoirs, tentatively titled, ""How to Shoot Friends and Interrogate People."" Obama took a somber tone, though, when specifically addressing the reporters in the room -- noting the financial struggles that have afflicted the newspaper industry.  Watch reporters arrive for dinner  . ""Across the country, there are extraordinary, hardworking journalists who have lost their jobs in recent days, recent weeks, recent months,"" he said. ""I know each newspaper and media outlet is wrestling with how to respond with these changes. ... Not every ending will be a happy one. ""It is also true that your ultimate success as an industry is essential to the success of our democracy -- it's what makes this thing work,"" Obama said."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- U.S. Vice President-elect Joe Biden assured Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on Friday that the incoming Obama administration will continue to support Pakistan's efforts to strengthen democracy and combat terrorism, according to Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Vice President-elect Joe Biden meets Pakistani officials in Islamabad, Pakistan, on Friday. Biden told Zardari that the new U.S. administration would also help Pakistan ""meet its socio-economic requirements and capacity building,"" the ministry said in a written statement. The vice president-elect ""assured the Pakistani leadership"" of the United States' ""continued assistance to Pakistan,"" the statement said. No additional details were provided. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, accompanied Biden on the trip. Biden ""described Pakistan as an incredibly valued U.S. ally and said that the U.S. recognized Pakistan's important contribution and sacrifices in the fight against terrorism,"" the ministry said. Zardari, who took office in September, said ""Pakistan needed the support and understanding of the international community in this effort,"" according to the statement. Pakistan's government is waging a bloody battle against Taliban and al Qaeda militants in its tribal regions along the border with Afghanistan. The United States has provided Pakistan with billions of dollars in aid for those counterterrorism activities. Last year, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed a bill authorizing $7.5 billion in non-military aid over the next five years. The measure is sponsored by committee chairman Biden and the ranking Republican on the panel, Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana. It would provide money for developments such as schools, roads and medical clinics, and it conditions security aid on State Department certification that Pakistan is making efforts against the Taliban and al Qaeda. The bill has not come before the full Senate. Biden also said he was hopeful that India and Pakistan could resolve their conflicts, according the ministry. ""The U.S. vice president-elect expressed the hope that both Pakistan and India will be able to overcome the current tensions and would resolve their differences peacefully,"" the ministry's statement said. November's attacks in Mumbai, India, fueled tensions between Pakistan and India, longtime rivals that have fought three wars since independence and conducted tit-for-tat nuclear weapons tests in 1998. India has said Islamic militants trained in Pakistan were behind the three-day siege of India's financial capital. Pakistani officials have promised to cooperate with the investigation but have insisted that India show it the evidence supporting its case. On Wednesday, Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the sole surviving suspect in the Mumbai attacks, which killed more than 160 people, is a Pakistani national, state-run media reported."
"(CNN) -- As the NCAA basketball tournament kicks into gear this week, March Madness once again spreads out of arenas and into the workplace. Diehard and fair-weather fans alike will take part in office pools, games will be streamed online, and smack will be talked around water coolers. ""People love Cinderellas,"" the come-from-behind stories, said Stewart Mandel, a senior writer for SI.com who covers basketball and football. ""People love bragging when they pick something right."" Read Mandel's analysis of the brackets . And, amid all this game monitoring and chatter, some say productivity and earnings may take a hit, but others say the shared experience bolsters business. The first week of the tournament -- when the most games are played during daytime hours -- could cost U.S. employers as much as $1.8 billion, according to Challenger, Gray & Christmas Inc., a global outplacement company in Chicago, Illiniois, that annually predicts the tournament's impact. This blow to employers is based on surveys showing that 45 percent of Americans enter office pools and waste on average about 20 minutes a day focusing on basketball instead of work. Challenger, Gray & Christmas says that translates to more than 58 million employees. Print your bracket (PDF) ""Employers can no longer claim to be caught off guard by the annual event,"" firm CEO John Challenger said in a written statement. ""Some have tried to squash these pools, most simply ignore them and others have found ways to embrace the tournament as a team-building and morale-boosting opportunity."" But this figure on time and money lost seems ""plucked out of thin air,"" said Don Forsyth, a psychologist who studies group dynamics in the workplace in the Jepson School of Leadership Studies at the University of Richmond in Virginia. Who is to say how much time and money people waste each day on personal distractions, he asked. And maybe, he added, the employee who generally dreads going to work comes in energized because of the games. Forsyth, who's been studying work dynamics for 30 years, said the shared experience of feeling the madness probably does the workplace good and leads to gains instead of losses. ""It's a powerful social process,"" he said. ""It builds relationships and rituals within the group. Everyone is included,"" from the corner offices to the mailroom. ""People on the fringe get drawn in. It builds cohesion,"" he continued. ""You'd pay an expert to come in to do that for your company. March Madness does it for free."""
"QUEBEC, Canada -- Third seed Julia Vakulenko will face comeback queen Lindsay Davenport in her first WTA Tour final at the Bell Challenge on Sunday. Julia Vakulenko will seek her first victory on the WTA Tour at the Bell Challenge in Quebec. The Ukrainian battled through with a 6-1 4-6 7-5 victory over American qualifier Julie Ditty in the semifinals. The 24-year-old, who reached the fourth round of the U.S. Open, had previously twice lost at the last-four stage this year in Las Vegas and Berlin. She reached a career high of 33rd in the world rankings back in May, but is now 36th. ""Sometimes you play your best and win easy, but sometimes you don't play your best and really have to fight hard,"" said Vakulenko, who squandered points for 5-3 leads in both the second and third sets. ""I'm just going to try my best -- I've never played her and I'm looking forward to it."" Former world No. 1 Davenport is seeking her second win in three tournaments since returning from a one-year hiatus to have a baby. The 31-year-old, who is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the Canadian tournament for the first time, also had to battle to beat Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-2 6-7 (3-7) 6-3 in the semifinals. The three-time Grand Slam winner has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th after winning her comeback tournament in Bali and then reaching the last four in Beijing. The American has now beaten Zvonareva in all six encounters between the two players. ""I played well in the first set and had some chances early in the second set, but I didn't quite capitalize on them. I was able to come back but at 4-4 and 5-5 I just didn't return well enough,"" Davenport said. ""I was happy I was able to regroup in the third set. Physically I feel good. There are lots of positives I can take from it, especially beating a really good player and now being in the final. ""I want to be the one on the offensive and not the defensive, and that's what I'm going to try to do. ""I was trying to watch the first semifinal and see if that helped, but I play so much differently than Julie Ditty that it was hard to get anything from it.""  E-mail to a friend ."
"New York (CNN) -- A Picasso painting fetched nearly $106.5 million at auction Tuesday, a record for any single work of art, Christie's New York said. ""Nude, Green Leaves and Bust"" sold for $106,482,500 to an unidentified telephone bidder, the auction house said in a news release. ""Silence fell over the packed saleroom as Christopher Burge conducted nine minutes of bidding that involved eight clients,"" it said. ""Christie's lead auctioneer took bids from a client in the saleroom as well as those on the phone before the competition settled down to two bidders at the $88 million mark and a one-on-one battle ensued. The final bid was hammered down at 7.32 p.m. at $95 million."" The buyer's premium -- the additional fee paid to the auction house -- took the price of the painting to $106.5 million. ""Nude, Green Leaves and Bust,"" or ""Nu au Plateau de Sculpteur,"" is from the collection of Los Angeles philanthropist Frances Lasker Brody, who died last November and was the wife of the real estate developer Sidney F. Brody. The collection, amassed primarily during the 1940s and 1950s, had been in the family's home since. Experts had referred to the 1932 work as ""lost"" because it had never been published in color. It shows Picasso's muse and mistress, Marie-Therese Walter. The previous highest price for a work at auction was $104,327,006 paid for ""L'Homme Qui Marche I, bronze"" (Walking Man 1), 1960, by Alberto Giacometti. It sold during an auction at Sotheby's to an anonymous telephone bidder in February, 2010. The previous high for a Picasso was $104,168,000 for ""Garcon a la Pipe"" (""Boy with Pipe""), 1905, in May 2004. Those who missed a chance to bid on the Picasso can bid on its prior owners' 2.27-acre estate in the Holmby Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles. The 11,500-square-foot, five-bedroom, four-staff bedroom house was built in 1950 and is listed at $24.95 million, according to Coldwell Banker Previews International."
By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 04:51 EST, 30 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:19 EST, 30 April 2013 . A breathalyser app that can automatically post results to Facebook or Twitter has been launched. While critics say the BACtrack mobile breathalyser could encourage drinking games, the firm behind it claims it will help users 'understand how alcohol affects their body'. Users can even create a drink diary of their evening, with pictures of every drink and how it affected their blood alcohol level. Scroll down for video . I need more beer! The handheld breathalyser uses an app to to share results on Facebook . Users can choose from varying levels of privacy - ranging from private, personal and 'fully social' Users even get to choose from varying levels of privacy - ranging from 'private', 'personal' and 'fully social', which posts results to their linked Twitter and Facebook accounts. And they can even take pictures of their drinks using the app as well as update their 'drink diary' where they can keep note and describe each drink they have. The pocket sized device has been designed to accurately track your blood alcohol levels and then plots it in a graph over time. The . gadget can also track how fast someone is getting drunk and most . importantly, when their levels will be at an acceptable level to drive a . vehicle. The firm has even produced a 'drunk map' showing anonymous users complete with their alcohol reading. The 'WorldView' map showing users of the system, and how drunk they are. The firm has created a live version of the map on its website . Users can even map exactly what they drank and where, creating a drink diary of their evening out, complete with photos . President of BACtrack Keith Nothacker said: 'We realised that adding smartphone connectivity opens up a wealth of new features for alcohol testing. 'Everything from tracking, analysing, and sharing results, to even making the actual breathalyser smaller because you're using hardware on the phone. The BACtrack Mobile Breathalyser is truly the most powerful yet personal tool available for understanding how alcohol affects your body. The invention costs $150 with over two years of designing and planning went into creating the device. BACtrack believe their invention will not only encourage responsible drinking but also save lives. It is currently available on Apple devices but BACtrack are in the process of launching an Android compatible version of the app. The gadget also changes colour depending on the alcohol level in the user's blood .
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The woman allegedly assaulted by singer Chris Brown in Hollywood early Sunday was his girlfriend, singer Rihanna, according to sources close to the couple. Chris Brown attends a party saluting music producer Clive Davis in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday. While Los Angeles Police have a policy against identifying alleged domestic violence victims, two people who know both Brown and Rihanna confirmed she was the woman police said had ""suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker."" Brown, 19, turned himself in to police Sunday night after police said they were looking for him. He was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats. Brown was later released on a $50,000 bond and given a March 5 court date. ""Detectives investigating the alleged domestic violence felony battery booked him for criminal threats,"" a statement from the Los Angeles Police Department said. ""At the time the case is presented to the Los Angeles County district attorney's office, additional charges may be filed."" Brown, nominated for two Grammy Awards, was scheduled to perform at the show.  His girlfriend, singer Rihanna, abruptly canceled her planned Grammys performance, but neither her spokesman nor the show organizers gave a reason. ""Rihanna is well,"" her spokesman said in a written statement. ""Thank you for concern and support."" Watch the latest developments in the case  . Brown, 19, and Rihanna, 20, were seen together Saturday night at a pre-Grammys dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton, about five miles from where police said the alleged incident happened at 12:30 a.m. Sunday. The police statement said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood's Hancock Park when ""they became involved in an argument."" ""After stopping his car, Brown and the woman got out and the argument escalated,"" police said. After receiving a 911 call at about 12:30 a.m. Sunday, officers found the woman at the scene of the alleged fight, but Brown had left, the department said. Investigators were treating the incident as a possible felony battery case, police said. Executives with Brown's record label at the Grammy Awards told CNN they knew nothing about the incident and declined further comment. Brown was nominated for two Grammys this year, including in the best male R&B vocal performance category for his song ""Take You Down."" He also shares a best pop collaboration with vocals nomination with Jordin Sparks for ""No Air."" The introduction to the CBS broadcast of the Grammys, apparently pretaped, listed both Brown and Rihanna as performers."
"New Delhi, India (CNN) -- Caste and religion are potential headings on matrimonial columns of Sunday newspapers. At times, matchmaking classifieds profile mystical birth-chart defects of the candidates. In India, marriages are solemnized as a well-guarded union. But the country has now moved to at least unshackle divorce. Officials Friday announced measures to stem delays in seeking an early end to failed alliances. India's federal cabinet approved ""irretrievable breakdown of marriage"" as a ground for couples to part ways, information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni told reporters. Under original Hindu marriage laws, both estranged partners have to appear at court proceedings for settlement of their lawsuit for divorce by consent. But it's not uncommon for a petitioner to skip tribunal dates deliberately in order to keep the case dragging in India's notoriously sluggish legal system, authorities acknowledge. ""This has been causing considerable hardship to the party in dire need of divorce,"" Soni said. Officials believe the new legislation, now due for clearance by parliament, will eliminate harassment of either party in the case and abuse of the existing law on dissolving marriages. There was no official data on divorces immediately available, but matchmakers say four in 100 marriages fail in India. With the country transforming into a modern economic powerhouse, divorce is increasingly seen as an acceptable way out of unsatisfying relationships. ""Divorce doesn't seem to be biased any more. It's uniform among all castes, cities and income groups,"" said Vivek Pahwa, the head of SecondShaadi.com, a marriage bureau for second-timers. Pahwa's portal aims at India's internet-using divorcees, widows and widowers. More than one-fourth of his clients, he says, are women, especially in jobs. ""It's reflection of financial independence,"" he said. He was referring to a growing number of Indian women joining the workforce who he says refuse to remain trapped in unwanted marriages. Indian laws allow limited one-sided separation. Cruelty and desertion can serve as a premise for seeking divorce without consent. Separately, the country has harsh laws to protect women, such as in cases of physical torture over dowries. But data shows a surge in crimes against women. Police across India registered 195,856 crimes against women in 2008, up from 140,601 in 2003, according to the National Crime Records Bureau."
"(The Frisky) -- We were worried that Sandra Bullock was going to disappear out there in the Texas flatlands and take a Hollywood hiatus for good. Thank goodness we were wrong. The word is that she may be coming out of hiding to reunite with her costar from ""The Proposal,"" Ryan Reynolds, for a new action comedy called ""Most Wanted."" Welcome back, rom-com queen! Inspired by this quirky, funny re-coupling, here are nine more classic and endearing onscreen couples that we want to see get back together on the big screen. The Frisky: 8 celebrity dudes describe their dream women . 1. There is no magic like the magic of Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling in ""The Notebook."" We need them back together ASAP ... on and off screen. 2. Kate Winslet and Leo DiCaprio have done a couple of brilliant collaborations, but what about Kate's chemistry with Jim Carrey in ""Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?"" We can't forget it. The Frisky: 6 celeb couples dish on their (cheap!) first dates . 3. We wish that Johnny Depp and Winona Rider could put all the broken engagement and shoplifting drama behind them and give us another taste of that Burton-style bad romance,  la ""Edward Scissorhands."" 4. It's been way too long since Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau were so ""money"" together in ""Swingers."" The Frisky: Is Julia Roberts' ""Eat, Pray, Love"" the most boring movie poster ever? 5. I don't think it's too late for Diane Keaton and Woody Allen to bring back some of their neurotic, onscreen charm from ""Annie Hall"" and ""Manhattan."" 6. Do Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in ""Good Will Hunting"" count as a couple? If so, let's try it again, shall we? The Frisky: Team Bella? What the ""Twilight"" credit cards looks like . 7. We're hoping for another movie starring Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt, only this time they end up together, unlike in ""500 Days of Summer."" 8. Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray's chemistry was never ""Lost in Translation"" for us. Let's do part deux! 9. We need to see Lloyd Dobbler (aka John Cusack) and Diane Court (aka Ione Skye) from ""Say Anything"" all grown-up and back onscreen. The Frisky: Is ""Bachelorette"" Ali really single? TM &  2010 TMV, Inc. | All Rights Reserved ."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN)  -- Coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained ""torture complex,"" with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system, the military said Wednesday. Twenty-six bodies were found in mass graves near a ""torture complex"" discovered by coalition forces. The troops made the discovery while conducting an operation north of Muqdadiya, Iraq. From December 8 to 11, the troops who found the complex also killed 24 people they said were terrorists and detained 37 suspects, according to a statement issued by Multinational Division North at Camp Speicher in Tikrit. The moves were part of an operation called Iron Reaper that has been in progress across northern Iraq for the past few weeks. The complex was in an area thought to be an al Qaeda in Iraq haven and operating base, the military said. Iraqis had told the military about the site during an earlier operation. ""Evidence of murder, torture and intimidation against local villagers was found throughout the area,"" the military statement said. Ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility, which was one of three connected to the torture complex, Multinational Division North said. One of the facilities appeared to have been a headquarters building and a torture facility, it added. As the area was cleared, the bodies were found. Eventually, 26 bodies were uncovered in mass graves next to what were thought to be execution sites, the military said. The bodies are believed to have been dead between six and eight months, according to a gruesome military video shot at the scene. Some had their hands tied behind their backs. Identification is proving to be a challenge because of advanced decomposition. Photos given to the news media show a filthy bed wired to an electrical system, with an outlet hanging from wires on the wall. In the video, troops point out rubber hoses and boxing gloves, a ski mask and a blood-covered sword and knives. Other still photos show an entrance to the underground bunker and barbed wire stretched outside it. A short distance away from the complex, troops found a bullet-riddled Iraqi police vehicle. Some of the bodies may belong to Iraqi police, according to the military video. The operation netted nine weapons caches, which have been destroyed, the military said. They included anti-aircraft weapons, sniper rifles, more than 65 machine guns and pistols, 50 grenades and a surface-to-air missile launcher and platform, the statement said. Also found were mines, pipe bombs, rocket-propelled grenades, mortar tubes and rounds and 130 pounds of homemade explosives. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- A member of the group dubbed the ""Jena 6"" is facing misdemeanor assault charges after a fight at his Texas high school Wednesday, police said Thursday. Bryant Purvis was arrested after a fight Wednesday at his Texas high school, police said. Bryant Purvis, 19, was arrested after the incident at Hebron High School in Carrollton, Texas. Carrollton police Sgt. John Singleton told CNN the altercation does not appear to be racially motivated. School officials contacted police about the fight Wednesday morning. An 18-year-old student told authorities two males approached him and asked if he had flattened the tires of ""their homeboy's"" car, according to an affidavit supporting the arrest warrant. The student said he didn't, but the two told him they didn't believe him and walked away. Purvis, he said, approached him from behind immediately afterward, then grabbed him with one hand and began to choke him. ""Purvis continued to choke [the student] and told him, 'Don't you ever mess with my car again,'"" the affidavit said. ""Purvis then pushed his head into the seating area of the bench,"" causing the student to strike his left eye, then walked away. The affidavit said that in a written statement, Purvis wrote, ""I walked over to him and grabbed him by his neck, then told him not to mess with my car anymore, then I left."" Police reported the student had marks on his neck and bruising on his eye. A municipal judge set Purvis' bond at $1,000, and he was transferred to the Denton County Detention Facility, Singleton said. Purvis is one of six former students in Jena, Louisiana, accused of being involved in the beating of a white student. He initially was charged with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy, but charges against him were reduced in November to second-degree aggravated battery. He is awaiting trial in that case. Civil rights leaders Martin Luther King III and Al Sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in September to protest how authorities handled the cases against Purvis and the five others accused in the December 2006 beating of fellow student Justin Barker. After his arraignment in November, Purvis told reporters he had moved to another town to complete high school. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- A Red Cross worker was killed Wednesday during shelling in the conflict zone in Sri Lanka, the third aid worker killed in six weeks, the International Committee of the Red Cross says. A photo supplied by a humanitarian group on Sunday shows civilians allegedly injured in government shelling. The worker, identified as Majurin Sivakurunathan, was killed along with his mother during an assault, a ICRC spokeswoman said. The fighting between the Sri Lankan troops and the rebel Tamil Tigers has intensified in the conflict area to the point that the ICRC can not get food to that area or help the sick and wounded, said Sarasi Wijeratne, a ICRC spokeswoman. The latest death comes after Sri Lanka angrily rebuked a U.N. official Tuesday over remarks by the organization that a civilian ""bloodbath"" had occurred in the north of the country. U.N. spokesman Gordon Weiss told CNN on Monday that hundreds of civilians died during weekend fighting because the Sri Lankan army had surrounded rebel fighters in the country's north, putting residents in the crossfire. The Foreign Ministry expressed its displeasure to Amin Awad, acting resident representative of the United Nations in Sri Lanka, about the comments. Mahinda Samarasinghe, Sri Lanka's minister of disaster management and human rights, initially said Weiss would be summoned to explain his remarks, but this did not happen because of diplomatic protocol, a source told CNN, noting that he is a junior official at the U.N. office in Colombo. Rebel claims of civilian deaths have been considerably higher than those provided by the U.N. Lawrence Christy, the head of the Tamils Rehabilitation Organization, said more than 3,200 civilians died in fighting from Sunday evening until Monday morning, the rebel Web site TamilNet reported.  Watch frustration build at the United Nations  . The Sri Lankan government has denied the allegations and accused the Tamils of ""taking the whole world for a ride with its well-engineered propaganda ploys,"" while turning their weapons on civilians trying to flee the combat zone. Tamil Tiger rebels have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka's northeast since 1983. As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began, and the Tigers have been declared a terrorist organization by the European Union and more than 30 countries, including the United States."
"(CNN) -- A year after the onset of the worst oil spill in U.S. history, one of the most prominent Louisiana figures dealing with the disaster's aftermath remains frustrated. ""A year later, I can't look you in the eye and tell you who's in charge,"" Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser said in an interview with CNN's ""In The Arena"" host Eliot Spitzer. ""They've changed out so many BP and Coast Guard people, just when you get somebody you think you can trust and make promises about cleaning...they're gone."" Nungesser pointed out that oil remains in the marshes. He admitted that although the amount of the oil is not at the same level as it was during the crisis, the oil continues to hit the shores of Louisiana, especially when a storm approaches the coast. ""The oil is being picked up off the bottom of Bay Jimmy, slammed into the marsh. It's killed the grass. There's nothing to hold the mud together."" Nungesser added, . ""We've begged for bank stabilization,...nothing's really been done out here."" Gulf waters reopened for fishing . In a BP video, ""A Year of Change,"" Group Chief Executive Bob Dudley apologizes for the crisis and highlights what BP did in solving the problem. ""In everything we've done since that day, we've tried to act as a responsible company should. The short film explains what we've done."" Dudley says, . ""It shows how we responded to the accident. How we acted to stop the leak. It shows how we worked with thousands of local people to clean the ocean and the shoreline."" Two months after the Gulf oil spill, BP agreed to create a $20 billion fund to help victims who were affected by the oil spill. Since the incident, BP has reportedly spent over $16 billion in claims and clean up. 'Extreme energy' is the new wave . Spitzer pushed Nungesser to address reports of elected officials profiting off the recovery efforts. ""Anybody that took advantage of it should be prosecuted,"" Nungesser said. ""But let's not throw the attention."" Nungesser said he wanted better transparency as to what is being done to continue the recovery of the Gulf Coast. ""We need full disclosure by BP and the Coast Guard, so this never happens again,"" said Nungesser."
"(CNN) -- Authorities in Azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. Embassy in the capital, Baku, prompting the facility to close its doors to the public Monday, Azerbaijan and U.S. officials told CNN. The Bibi Heybat Mosque, just outside the capital Baku. As a precaution, Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday ""following security concerns nearby,"" Britain's Foreign Office said. The terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside Baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group, two U.S. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for Azerbaijan's National Security Ministry told CNN. U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details ""are still unfolding,"" and the threat ""may or may not be"" linked to the Saturday raid. ""There were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the U.S. Embassy there,"" McCormack said, noting that no specific individuals were targeted. Several days ago, an Azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical Islamic group seized four assault rifles, a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of Baku, the ministry spokesman and U.S. officials said. Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga, about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku, the spokesman said. One suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep, the spokesman said. Several others are still at large, he added. He said the terror plot also targeted Azerbaijani government buildings. The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan to take precautions. ""While there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted, the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security,"" it said. Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic that borders the Caspian Sea, and lies just north of Iran. McCormack said U.S. authorities are working closely with their counterparts in Baku and will determine when normal embassy operations will resume. He said he expects the embassy to limit its operations on Tuesday, as well. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Igor Malakhov in Moscow, Zain Verjee in Washington and Roger Clark in London contributed to this report ."
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (CNN) -- An Emirati blogger who has called for reform in the United Arab Emirates is being held in Al Wathba prison in Abu Dhabi, his wife said Wednesday . Ahmed Mansoor is being treated well, according to wife Nadia, who said she spoke to him Tuesday evening. Mansoor's attorney, Abdul Hamid Al Kumity, said he is not aware of any charges against his client, but will meet with the prosecutor's office Wednesday. Dubai police have told Al Kumity that two bottles of whiskey were found in Mansoor's house. Alcohol is available at hotels and select stores in the UAE, but Muslims are not allowed to buy or possess it. Mansoor's wife acknowledged that here was alcohol in their house, but said they don't drink. The alcohol, in a small unopened box, was probably a gift from friends or family, she said. About 10 men, including two wearing police uniforms, picked up Mansoor from his apartment Friday afternoon, according to his wife. The men also took Mansoor's passport and laptop and left without telling her where they were taking him or why. Fahad Salem al-Shehhi, a friend of Mansoor's who helped him with his website, was detained Saturday evening, said activist Mohammed al-Mansoori. Al-Shehhi was taken from the Emirate of Ajman, where he was living temporarily while his wife studies there, al-Mansoori said. Al-Shehhi has been without a passport for seven years, he said. The third, Nasser bin Ghaith, an Emirati writer who also maintains a website, was detained Sunday, al-Mansoori said. Officials in the UAE have not responded to persistent queries regarding the detentions. Mansoor has no criminal record or prior incidences with the law, according to Al Kumity. Mansoor was part of a group of 133 nationals who petitioned the president on March 9 for direct elections. The group included academics, former government officials, journalists and activists. The petition was addressed to President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan and the members of the Supreme Council of the seven Emirates that form the UAE. In addition to elections, the group asked that the Federal National Council be granted legislative powers. The body only works in an advisory capacity and has no regulatory powers.
"MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- The storm called Hanna weakened from a hurricane to a tropical storm Tuesday morning as maximum sustained winds eased down to 70 mph, the National Hurricane Center said. This satellite image from Monday shows Hanna over the southern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos Islands. Despite the downgrade, Hanna dropped torrential rain on the eastern Bahamas, the Turks and Caicos Islands, and Haiti. Hurricane warnings remained in effect. Hanna's path and strength remain uncertain, but the latest forecast map from the National Hurricane Center predicts it still could make landfall as a major hurricane on the southeastern U.S. coast by Friday evening. Hanna's path early Tuesday appeared to be a ""meandering"" loop across Turks and Caicos, but atmospheric changes over the western Atlantic are expected to steer the storm northwestward over the next two or three days, according to forecasters. As of 5 a.m. ET, Hanna was a Category 1 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale with sustained winds of 80 mph (129 kph) and gusts of up to 100 mph. iReport.com: Watch Hanna lash Turks and Caicos Islands . Three hours later, it was downgraded to a tropical storm as winds fell below the 74 mph threshold for hurricane status. It could return to hurricane status later Tuesday or on Wednesday, forecasters said. Hanna's line of fire could include the U.S. Atlantic coast from Miami, Florida, to Massachusetts, according to the hurricane center's long-range forecast map. Charleston, South Carolina, appears in the middle of this ""cone of uncertainty,"" with Hanna potentially making landfall there Friday. ""It appears that the center has been meandering,"" forecasters said. The history of hurricanes that have been where Hanna is now might argue against its heading toward the southeastern United States. None of the September storms that passed within 200 miles of Hanna's current location has gone there, with most heading into the Gulf of Mexico and others going to New England or Nova Scotia. Still, forecasters said, ""the model guidance is remarkably well clustered"" in support of its forecast path for Hanna. Meanwhile, forecasters were keeping an eye on Tropical Storm Ike, which was gaining strength in the mid-Atlantic and appeared headed for the Bahamas later in the week. It had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph Tuesday morning."
"(CNN) -- A woman gored by a bison at Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming said she is happy to be alive days after the attack. ""I thought it was the end,"" Cathy Hayes told CNN by phone late Wednesday. Hayes said she was vacationing in Yellowstone on Monday with her husband and a friend. The group was driving through the park when they spotted a bison. ""My friend is from California, and had never seen a bison before,"" she said. ""So we pulled over and went to get a closer look."" Minutes later, the bison attacked. And it was all caught on tape. ""So we're here in the park and there's a buffalo, and he's just wandering across the road,"" she says in the footage. Hayes, a native of Farr West, Utah, says they were about 30 feet away from the bison when her friend decided to get closer. ""There was another group in front of us, and I never noticed it before looking at the video on my small camera, but you can see a stick fly off the back of the bison,"" she said. ""It looks like it came from the group that was in front of him. Before that, the bison was just chillin.'"" In the video shot from Hayes' perspective, her friend falls as he runs away from the charging bison. At that point, she says, the bison turned its attention to her. Hayes crouched behind a tree to protect herself, but it wasn't enough. ""There was a pause when I could tell that he was backing up and getting ready to ram the tree again,"" Hayes said. ""I thought, 'He won't ram the car,' so I made a run for it. You can probably see in the video when he got me and flung me up in the air."" Hayes' husband was in their car when the attack happened, and was able to scare the bison off by making loud noises. ""He was going to throw his cell phone at it, but it took off. It was gone as quick as it came,"" she said. Luckily, Hayes did not suffer life-threatening injures, but said she is still in a lot of pain. Her knee was swollen to the size of a football, and she had minor cuts and scrapes throughout her leg. Her friend broke his shoulder when he tripped and fell. But for the Utah teacher, it could have been worse. ""I was waiting for black. I thought I was going to die,"" Hayes said. Signs throughout Yellowstone warn visitors to not get close to wildlife."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Britain's Prince William is starting a two-month attachment with the Royal Navy on Monday, part of the future king's continued experience with various branches of the military, the Ministry of Defense said Saturday. Prince William and his father, Prince Charles, at his graduation from the Royal Air Force in April. William, 25, will spend the first part of his attachment on a basic sea safety course training in sea survival, firefighting and ship damage repair, according to the ministry. If William passes the course, as expected, he will join the HMS Iron Duke in the Caribbean, the department said. The ship's function is to support overseas British territories in the event of a hurricane and to carry out counter-narcotic operations. The prince, who will be called Sub Lieutenant Wales in the Navy, is expected to spend time aboard a frigate, a mine hunter, a submarine and helicopters during his attachment, which ends August 1, the Ministry of Defense said. William completed a four-month attachment with the Royal Air Force this year and received his pilot's wings upon graduating in April. He learned to fly three different aircraft during the attachment and is known as Flying Officer Wales within the RAF. William is also a second lieutenant in the British Army, where he serves in the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry. The attachments are designed to provide the prince with military experience for when he becomes head of the armed forces as king. ""When he becomes king, he needs to know his armed forces -- instinctively be very familiar with them -- and so he is doing this visit to the Royal Navy,"" said Rear Adm. Bob Cooling, the assistant chief of naval staff. William's father, Prince Charles, had a five-year career in the navy in the 1970s. Charles served on the guided missile destroyer HMS Norfolk and two frigates before qualifying as a helicopter pilot and joining a naval air squadron that operated from the aircraft carrier HMS Hermes. Prince Charles spent his last nine months in the navy in 1976 in command of the coastal minehunter HMS Bronington. William's uncle Prince Andrew served 22 years in the Royal Navy as a helicopter pilot, seeing active service during the Falklands War between Britain and Argentina in 1982. Queen Elizabeth II's husband, Prince Philip, William's grandfather, spent more than 13 years in the Royal Navy. He saw active service throughout World War II and was in Tokyo Harbor when Japan surrendered."
"MONTE CARLO, Monaco  -- Russia's Yelena Isinbayeva has broken her own world record in the women's pole vault with a leap of 5.04 meters as she warmed up for her Olympic defense. Isinbayeva broke her own women's pole vault world record on her third attempt in Monaco. The record came at the Monaco Grand Prix on Tuesday on her third and final attempt at the height. Her previous record of 5.03 meters was set in Rome on July 11. Isinbayeva is the reigning Olympic and world champion. Asafa Powell claimed his third 100 meters success inside a week when he raced clear in his season-best time of 9.82 seconds. Powell shaved 0.06sec off his previous season-best of 9.88, set last Tuesday in Stockholm, where he saw off fellow Jamaican and world record holder Usain Bolt. On Tuesday Powell was too hot for Davis Patton of the U.S. (9.98) and Nesta Carter of Jamaica (10.02), the fourth best time of the season all the more impressive given the calm conditions. ""I am very happy,"" said Powell. ""I feel great, very fresh. I've got a world record in my legs. I am very confident. My goal is to be consistent."" A tough headwind had compromised Powell's attempts to have a tilt at Bolt's mark although he still cruised to a weekend victory at the London Grand Prix at Crystal Palace in 9.94sec. Other Tuesday highlights saw Jamaica's Melaine Walker set a year mark in the women's 400m hurdles in clocking 53.48 sec. Walker, who shattered her own personal best of 54.14 in the process, will hope her performance augurs well for the Beijing Games, where Aussie two-time world champion Jana Rawlinson will not be competing owing to a toe injury. Kenyan Daniel Kipchirchir Komen also set a year best mark in the 1500m, crossing the line in 3 min 31.49sec to take 0.08sec off compatriot Augustine Kiprono Choge's June 1 showing in Berlin. The 23-year-old's win tempered the disappointment of missing out on an Olympic berth. Britain's Martyn Rooney also improved his personal best in the 400 meters for the second successive race, following up his win in the London Grand Prix with victory in 44.72 seconds. The Monaco Grand Prix was the last major international track and field meeting before the Beijing Olympics which start on August 8."
"London (CNN) -- Is it a bird? A bow? A pretzel? The hat worn by Britain's Princess Beatrice to last month's royal wedding created a stir, spawning numerous blog posts and even a Facebook page with more than 140,000 fans. Now, Beatrice has donated the ""unique sculptural celebratory headpiece"" to be auctioned online, with proceeds to benefit charities for children. With more than six days left to go in the auction on eBay.com, bidding stood at 11,000 British pounds Sunday, or about $17,800, with 43 bids placed. ""I've been amazed by the amount of attention the hat has attracted,"" Beatrice is quoted as saying in the auction listing. ""It's a wonderful opportunity to raise as much money as possible for two fantastic charities. I hope whoever wins the auction has as much fun with the hat as I have."" Beatrice, the daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, the duchess of York, wore the rose-colored hat to the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton on April 29. It was designed by milliner Phillip Treacy. ""A truly individual, fun but elegant wedding bow becomes the fascinator form,"" says the description in the auction listing. ""This statement piece is worn on the front hairline secured by a clear wire headband that is easily disguised by the wearer's hair. This is a gravity-defying hat."" The listing also shows some of the tongue-in-cheek photos created and posted online, such as one with a cat crawling through the front of the hat. It also inspired a tribute song and a Facebook page, ""Princess Beatrice's ridiculous Royal Wedding hat."" Proceeds from the auction, which ends May 22, benefit The Little Bee Initiative, a campaign set up by the princess to benefit UNICEF UK and Children in Crisis, according to the listing. ""I've been surprised by the overwhelming response to 'the hat,'"" Treacy said in the auction listing. ""... I'm delighted, flattered and touched by HRH Princess Beatrice's decision to donate the hat to charity. I hope that people all over the world will be generous and that this hat will benefit many."" The auction is being managed by Auction For A Cause, an auction management service that specializes in ""high-profile promotional auctions for charities, nonprofit organisations and brands,"" according to the listing's frequently asked questions. Bidders must be preapproved, according to the listing, and at least 18. Reaction to the auction on the hat's Facebook page was positive. ""Good on you, Beatrice, for auctioning it for charity,"" one woman wrote."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- An English football club is being forced to close a stand at its 25,000-seat stadium to cut costs, in what could be the first of many similar moves at other clubs, a sports business expert predicts. Darlington Arena, home of English club side Darlington F.C., where a stand will be closed to cut costs. The affected club, Darlington F.C., is currently in seventh place in League Two, however, it slumped into administration last week following problems attracting crowds to the home matches. The average home crowd at the stadium is currently below 3000 people. Ticket prices are 16 ($22) per adult. The move to close the west stand at its ground, Darlington Arena, is an attempt to improve the atmosphere and cut costs at the club, the side's commercial director, Christine Balford, said on the club's Web site. Balford said the move was forced by administrators. ""This is an attempt to improve the atmosphere at home games, whilst saving costs. ""All season ticket holders will be temporarily relocated and will be able to use the facilities of the south stand,"" Balford said. Darlington F.C. has also increased the cover price of match day programs and has cut the number of complimentary tickets given away for home matches. Professor Simon Chadwick, director of the Center for the International Business of Sport (CIBS) at Coventry University, UK, told CNN that many football clubs may soon find themselves in the position of having to make a similar move. ""This is the economic reality of having to strip costs. ""Generally, League One and League Two and even some Premier League clubs may be affected. What you will start to see is other clubs having to follow suit."" Chadwick said Darlington's case was a particularly bad one as they had a stadium which was far too big for the club's size. However, the issue of crowds not filling stadiums was a wider concern for many clubs. ""This is their life-blood. A lot of their revenue comes from selling tickets ...if they're not filling stadiums then it is a big issue for them,"" he said. Chadwick said closing stands could help cut match-day costs and was often a more palatable option for fans, rather than selling players."
"Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Zablon Simintov is always guaranteed the best seat in his local synagogue here, but the privilege comes with a downside: he's the last Jew in Afghanistan. The country's 800-year-old Jewish community -- an estimated 40,000 strong at its peak -- is now a party of one. But Simintov, for his part, isn't going anywhere soon. For more than a decade, he has refused to join his wife and two teenage daughters in Israel. ""My family call me all the time and say, 'Come here, you're the last Jew in Afghanistan, what are you doing there?' "" he says. Simintov, a former carpet dealer, refuses to answer that question. ""I don't know why I'm still living here,"" he says. ""It's God's will."" He hasn't seen his daughters -- now ages 14 and 16 -- since his one trip to Israel 12 years ago. But the bald and bespectacled Simintov says he is content guarding a cupboard full of dusty prayer books -- one is 400 years old, he says -- spending holidays with visitors from Europe and the U.S. and surviving off donations from Jews around the world. Historical evidence suggests a sizable Jewish community in Afghanistan since the Middle Ages, according to the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise, a nonprofit group. Afghanistan's Jewish population reached 40,000 in the mid-19th century, the group says, and began declining around 1870 with the passage of anti-Jewish measures. Israel's creation in 1948 drew most of Afghanistan's remaining Jews. Simintov's synagogue -- the last in Afghanistan's capital -- sits inconspicuously in a courtyard behind busy city streets, though a close inspection reveals Stars of David in second-story metal railings. The interior is adorned only by broken light fixtures and ceiling fans. But Simintov says he is hardly in hiding. ""They're all like my brothers here,"" he said of his fellow Afghans. ""It doesn't make a difference whether I'm here or in Israel."" That wasn't the case under Taliban rule, which ended with the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, though Taliban forces have been resurgent in parts of the country. Simintov says he was arrested four times under Taliban rule and that he was beaten while in custody. ""The Taliban was a problem,"" he says. ""They interfered in everyone's business, but now they're gone, they're finished."" Which means that Simintov is more inclined than ever to stay put."
"WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- An emotional Nancy Reagan helped unveil a statue of her late husband, President Reagan, on Wednesday, calling the 7-foot figure ""a wonderful likeness."" Nancy Reagan, with House Minority Leader John Boehner, wipes away tears at Wednesday's event. ""I know Ronnie would be deeply honored to see himself with a permanent home in the Rotunda of the U.S. Capitol and very proud to be representing his beloved California,"" Nancy Reagan said. She appeared to battle emotions as she mentioned her last visit to the marbled hall for Reagan's memorial in June 2004. ""It's nice to be back under happier circumstances,"" she said.  Watch Nancy Reagan unveil the statue  . The statue is one of two from California in the National Statuary Hall Collection donated by states to honor significant figures. Nancy Reagan stood arm-in-arm with House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio to pull down the curtain from the statue. She thanked House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California for making the event possible. In her remarks, Pelosi noted that the former president's statue contains pieces of the Berlin Wall, ""as a symbol of his commitment to national security and to his success."" The wall was torn down shortly after Reagan left office. ""I'm so grateful to Californians for giving him this honor,"" Nancy Reagan said. ""Artist Chas Fagan has captured his likeness so well, and I think the addition of the pieces of the Berlin Wall in the pedestal reflects my husband's commitment to freedom and democracy for everyone."" The former president is credited with polices that led to the break-up of the former Soviet Union and the dismantling of the wall that divided Berlin as a symbol of Cold War politics. James Baker, a longtime Republican who served in the Cabinets of Reagan and President George H.W. Bush, recalled that Reagan inherited some major problems when he took office in 1981. Citing the former president's trademark optimism, he quoted from Reagan's first inaugural address that ""we are not, as some would have us believe, doomed to an inevitable decline."" Nancy Reagan attended a White House ceremony Tuesday marking Barack Obama's signing of legislation authorizing a Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission. The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Reagan's 100th birthday on February 6, 2011. Reagan was president from 1981 to 1989."
"(CNN) -- Barcelona's money problems are worse than expected, according to the Spanish champions' financial vice-president Javier Faus. A new audit by accounting firm Deloitte revealed that the Catalan giants actually made a loss of 77.1 million ($100 million) for the 2009-10 season, Faus said in a statement on the Barca website on Tuesday. The previous board had announced the club was 11 million ($14 million) in profit up to the end of last month, when president Joan Laporta stood down to be replaced by Sandro Rosell. ""The accounts submitted on June 30 do not reflect the true picture of the club,"" Faus said. Deloitte's audit showed that income had been overstated by $47 million and expenses understated by $61 million. With an $89 million operating loss, Deloitte also found $14 million in further financial expenses to be countered by $3.9 million after-tax profits. Net debt has risen to $573 million from $427 million a year ago, while gross debt is now $716 million. Barcelona had to take a loan of $200 million after struggling to pay player wages last month, and -- after signing Spain striker David Villa for $50 million -- sold defender Dymtro Chygrynskiy to Shakhtar Donetsk and let high earner Thierry Henry join New York Red Bulls. ""There is a structural problem. The sporting excellence in the last few years has not been reflected in economic excellence. The new board's goal is to bring economic excellence alongside sporting excellence,"" Faus said. Part of the problems lay in the bankruptcy of broadcaster Mediapro, with Barca claiming the club is owed $49 million by new rights-holder Sogecable. Meanwhile, Spanish rivals Real Madrid have allowed highly-rated young fullback Marcos Alonso to join English club Bolton. The left-back, 19, has agreed a three-year contract, having made only one first-team appearance as a substitute in April after coming through the youth ranks. He follows veteran stars Raul and Guti in departing the Bernabeu this week."
"Tokyo (CNN) -- A safety panel convenes in Japan Tuesday to examine whether two vaccines widely used around the world contributed to the deaths of five children in the past month. Japan's health ministry ordered doctors to stop immunizing infants with the vaccines while authorities investigate Pfizer's Prevenar vaccine and Sanofi Pasteur's ActHIB vaccine -- commonly given to infants in the United States and other developed nations. The health ministry said it suspended the vaccines because the children all died within a short period of time; four died last week and one died in February. Three of the infants had underlying medical conditions, the health ministry said. Authorities are investigating the medical history of one of the children, and the fifth child had no apparent illness at the time of vaccination, according to the ministry. Both companies maintain that their vaccines -- which are aimed at stopping bacteria that can cause meningitis, pneumonia and other serious infections -- are safe. ""Pfizer thoroughly reviews and continually monitors all of its medicines and vaccines, as safety is our top priority,"" Pfizer said in a statement. ""No causal relationship has been established between the events reported in Japan and vaccination to date. We are conducting a thorough evaluation of these cases in cooperation with the relevant regulatory health authorities."" Sanofi Pasteur said that the company expresses condolences to the families who had lost children, but also said that no causal relationship between the deaths and the ActHIB vaccine had been established. ""We have been and will be providing all data of ActHIB and will fully collaborate with the ministry of health and welfare,"" the company said. Prevenar prevents illnesses caused by pneumococcal bacteria and ActHIB prevents infection with the Haemophilius influenza. Pediatrician Michiko Suwa said Japan's medical community hopes the suspension is temporary and fears the government is overreacting to the deaths. ""I'm concerned that this will impact the future of these critical vaccines,"" she said, noting that she has been receiving concerned calls from parents since the government announced the suspension. The World Health Organization has backed the inclusion of Prevenar in national childhood immunization programs, especially in developing nations where infant mortality remains high. Pfizer estimates it has distributed more than 360 million doses of the vaccine, which is available in more than 100 countries around the world and part of the routine childhood immunization schedule in more than 50 countries. In Japan, 2 million doses have been administered. The U.S. Food and Drug administration said it was aware of the suspensions in Japan, but ""physicians assessing vaccine safety at the FDA and CDC have not detected new safety concerns"" related to the vaccines."
"(CNN)  -- Hundreds of U.S. and Afghan soldiers have embarked on a major operation against militants in the eastern Afghan region of Tora Bora, near the border with Pakistan, officials have told CNN. File photo of the remote mountain Tora Bora region on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan. Air and ground strikes under way in the remote mountain region are aimed at large numbers of militant fighters. The troops are targeting ""hundreds of hardened al Qaeda and Taliban in dug-in positions,"" said officials familiar with the intelligence. The operation started two days ago in the region, where al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was once thought to be hiding. The Bush administration has been criticized for not sending enough ground forces to Tora Bora in December 2001 to capture the militant after the invasion that toppled the Taliban. ""U.S. and Afghan forces engaged al Qaeda and other violent extremist fighters in eastern Afghanistan during a combined arms assault using precision munitions. There have been no substantiated reports of civilian casualties in this engagement,"" said Capt. Vanessa R. Bowman, a U.S. Army spokeswoman. ""The targets were carefully chosen to pinpoint enemy positions and eliminate the likelihood of harming innocent civilians,"" she said. ""This region has provided an ideal environment to conceal enemy support bases and training sites, as well as plan and launch attacks aimed at terrorizing innocent civilians, both inside and outside the region."" Also Wednesday, a manager at a private British security firm in Afghanistan was shot and killed in the capital Kabul, a spokesman for the company said. ""We did lose a manager today in Kabul to unknown assailants,"" Christopher Beese, spokesman for ArmorGroup International, said Wednesday. He said next of kin have been notified and an inquiry into the incident has begun. The name of the man, a British national, was not released. ""It's bad news. He was a very well-respected man,"" Beese said, noting that the victim had experience in Afghanistan going back to the early 1980s. Beese -- who said the man's role was to run the administration of the 1,200-person-strong security presence in the country -- described the man as a ""logistics manager"" and ""all things to all people."" The firm, which has been operating in Afghanistan since 2002, mostly provides diplomatic protection and has contracts with the British and American governments. The man recruited and trained Afghan guards and was the most senior administrator at the company's Kabul base, Camp Anjuman, the company said. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Nick Heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at Mercedes to become a tester for Pirelli ahead of the Italian company's return to Formula One as the sport's sole tire supplier next year. The 33-year-old German had driven in F1 for a decade but was left without a seat when BMW ended its association with the Sauber team at the end of last season. He was given a lifeline when Mercedes took over the world champion Brawn GP team this year, becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg. ""I would like to thank Ross Brawn, Norbert Haug and Nick Fry for allowing me the opportunity to become Pirelli's official test driver,"" Heidfeld told F1's official website. ""The team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose, and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role."" Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn said: ""Nick is an extremely experienced driver and we are confident that his racing knowledge and technical feedback will prove extremely useful to Pirelli and therefore of benefit to the sport as a whole."" Mercedes-Benz Motorsport vice-president Haug said the move might help Heidfeld find a drive for 2011. ""It would be great to see Nick in a competitive car in next year's world championship and I am sure his leading role in the new tire development, in addition to his skills, puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011,"" Haug said. ""There could be no more experienced and knowledgeable driver in the cockpit to steer the tire development for next season. We thank Nick for his contribution to our team over the last nine months and wish him well with his new challenge."" Pirelli will begin testing this week in a Toyota TF109 car from last season, with Bridgestone stepping aside at the end of 2010. The Milan-based company has not been involved in F1 since 1991, but has landed a three-year contract to provide all teams with tires to go with its exclusive deals with motorcycling's World Superbike and British Superbike categories."
"(CNN) -- NATO representatives and lawmakers from alliance nations will meet in Iceland Thursday to discuss security challenges that are likely to arise as the Arctic Circle thaws. Global warming is opening up more parts of the Arctic to development and raising security concerns. The area -- one of the planet's most fragile and pristine ecosystems -- sits atop a bounty of untapped fossil fuels. And as the melting polar ice makes the Arctic more accessible to ships, several countries are scrambling to claim jurisdiction in the area. ""The economic interests are reflected in ... competing claims by relevant stakeholders, and resumed military presence in the area,"" NATO said on its Web site. ""As it is a region of enduring strategic importance for NATO and allied security, developments in the High North require careful and ongoing examination."" The U.S. Geological Survey estimates that 90 billion barrels of oil, 44 billion barrels of natural gas liquids and 1,670 trillion cubic feet of natural gas are recoverable in the frozen region north of the Arctic Circle. At the same time, Arctic water is warming so quickly that the entire region could be ice-free by 2013. Already Russia, Canada, the United States, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Iceland and Finland are fighting to lay claim to the Arctic's icy real estate. Unlike Antarctica, which has a treaty that prohibits territorial claims, there is no agreement for the vast expanse of the Arctic. So questions about drilling rights and shipping lanes are somewhat murky. According to the U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea, countries are entitled to exclusive economic zones up to 200 miles from their shores. But some countries are trying to extend that zone. Russian scientists want to prove the seabed below the North Pole is part of the Eurasian continental shelf, an area called the Lomonosov Ridge. If that is the case, the region would be under Russian control. Moscow argued before a U.N. commission in 2001 that the ridge is an extension of its continental territory. But the United Nations asked for more evidence. Danish scientists are trying to prove that the Lomonosov Ridge is connected to Greenland, and Canadian scientists are looking for links between the ridge and Ellesmere Island, a Canadian territory. NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer will attend the two-day conference in Reykjavek."
(CNN)  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice for Real Madrid as they won 3-1 in Marseille on Tuesday to top Group C of Champions League qualifying. Real's victory meant AC Milan went through in second place in the group despite held 1-1 at FC Zurich, owing their draw to a second half penalty from Ronaldinho. Former World Player of the Year Ronaldo scored in the fifth and 80th minutes in a comfortable win for the Spanish giants and showed he is back to his very best after an injury layoff. The Portuguese star opened his account with a blistering 30 meter free kick, but Marseille midfielder Lucho Gonzalez leveled from close range six minutes later. Real's Raul Albiol put them ahead on the hour mark before Lucho hit the crossbar from the penalty spot soon afterwards. Ronaldo added his second in the 80th after a mistake by home goalkeeper Steve Mandanda left him with a conversion into an open goal. Swiss side Zurich tested Milan and after dominating the first half went ahead in the 29th minute through a Milan Gajic free kick from outside the area. Zurich had shocked Milan 1-0 in the San Siro in October, but were reduced to 10 men in the 64th minute when Marco Borriello was hacked down by defender Alain Rochat, who was sent off. Brazilian ace Ronaldo converted the spot kick to grab a precious point for his side against the group's bottom side. Chelsea had already clinched top spot in Group D but put on a lackluster display to be held 2-2 at Stamford Bridge by APOEL Nicosia. Marcin Zewlakow's early opener for APOEL gave the Cyprus side a shock lead before Michael Essien and Didier Drogba put Chelsea ahead before half-time. But Chelsea, who had gone into the game off the back of two defeats, were made to pay for a defensive error by John Obi Mikel as Nenad Mirosavljevic scored a late equalizer. The other qualifiers Porto rounded off their campaign with a 3-0 win over third-placed Atletico Madrid. Bruno Alves headed Porto into the lead after two minutes with Falcao scoring the second on 14 minutes. Brazilian Hulk completed the victory with a fine third after 76 minutes after a mazy run and shot.
"(CNN) -- Former Secretary of State Colin Powell said Monday that he has ""no interest"" in government service in response to a recently televised suggestion by Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell that President Obama name Powell as White House chief of staff. ""I haven't been asked, and I don't expect to be asked,"" Powell told CNN's ""Larry King Live"" in an interview set to air Monday night. ""... I don't expect to be asked because I've had 40 years of government service ... I have no interest in government service."" Instead, the retired Army general suggested Rendell would be a better pick. ""He's been running around throwing my name around,"" Powell said. ""This is the first chance I've had to suggest that Ed Rendell is an accomplished politician, accomplished governor, mayor of a great city. I think he'd be a terrific chief of staff."" Pete Rouse has been serving as interim White House chief of staff since Rahm Emanuel exited the post October 1 to run for mayor of Chicago, Illinois. An increasing number of senior Democrats inside and outside the White House say it's looking more likely that Rouse will stay on. Powell, who served as secretary of state from 2001 to 2005 under President George W. Bush, also reflected on the results of this month's midterm elections, calling them ""more than a shellacking"" against Obama. ""The American people are losing some focus on President Obama, what he's trying to do,"" he said. ""And when you look at the election results, as he said, I mean he got shellacked. But I think it was more than a shellacking, I think it was a real body blow that he now has to reflect on and figure out how to come back."" Powell also addressed the controversial waterboarding interrogation technique that gained a level of infamy during the Bush administration, saying he wouldn't support the practice now. ""The president of the United States, who has a responsibility to protect the American citizens, felt that, in that circumstance, waterboarding was appropriate, and as he clearly said, approved it and takes responsibility for the approval of it,"" Powell said. ""I think subsequently, as you kind of go down the years and take a look at what has happened over the years, I think it could now be called torture."" Powell noted that the FBI and other intelligence agencies have downplayed the quality of information the technique elicits, saying authorities can get better tips ""through more vigorous and professional interrogation."" ""But the president of the United States is the one that is responsible for our safety and at that time the one thing we were most concerned about is to make sure we get everything we need to prevent another 9/11 attack,"" he said. Bush recently took responsibility for the go-ahead for waterboarding terror suspects in his memoir ""Decision Points,"" released earlier this month."
"(CNN) -- Lionel Messi ended his international goal drought to help Argentina make the perfect start to the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign under new coach Alejandro Sabella on Friday. Real Madrid striker Gonzalo Higuain scored a hat-trick in the 4-1 victory over Chile but of similar importance was Messi's first strike in 16 games for La Albiceleste. Handed the captain's armband by Sabella, Messi made it 2-0 in the 26th minute after combining with Higuain to end a run going back two years and seven months. Messi replied in kind to set up Higuain's hat-trick in the 63rd minute, while Angel Di Maria laid on his clubmate's other two goals. Chile, missing injured key players Alexis Sanchez and Gary Medel, had pulled it back to 3-1 through Matias Fernandez on the hour. ""It was important to get off on the right foot and we did just that,"" Higuain said in quotes reported by AFP, having also scored a treble in his last match for Real. ""I liked a lot of what we did tonight. Now we have to keep this up."" Sabella took over from Sergio Batista after Argentina lost in the Copa America quarterfinals on home soil in July, and his next task is a trip to Venezuela on Tuesday. Venezuela's campaign began with a 2-0 defeat at Ecuador on Friday, with the Copa semifinalists' most-capped player Jose Manuel Rey sent off with 12 minutes to play for a second yellow card. Strikers Jaime Ayovi and Christian Benitez gave Ecuador a commanding lead inside the opening 30 minutes. Copa champions Uruguay made a perfect start with a 4-2 victory at home to Bolivia. Strikers Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani helped make it 3-1 at halftime, while defender captain Diego Lugano netted his second goal with 18 minutes to play before Marcelo Martins' late consolation penalty. Copa runners-up Paraguay crashed to a 2-0 defeat away to Peru, who built on their third-place finish as striker Jose Paolo Guerrero netted both goals in the second half. Paraguay host Uruguay on Tuesday, while Peru visit Chile and Bolivia are at home to Colombia. Brazil, assured of a place as hosts of the 2014 tournament, beat Costa Rica in a friendly on Friday. Striker Neymar netted a 60th-minute winner before the home team had Heiner Mora sent off late in San Jose."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Bush on Wednesday hailed the election of Barack Obama as ""a triumph of the American story."" ""Americans can be proud of the history that was made yesterday,"" President Bush said Wednesday. Obama's rise to become the nation's first black president is ""a testament to hard work, optimism and a faith in the enduring promise of our nation,"" Bush said in the White House Rose Garden. ""No matter how they cast their ballots, all Americans can be proud of the history that was made yesterday,"" said Bush, whose second term in the Oval Office will end when Obama is sworn in on January 20. Bush said he had called Obama and had also spoken to his opponent, Sen. John McCain. ""I congratulated [McCain] on a determined campaign that he and Gov. [Sarah] Palin ran,"" the president said.  Watch Bush praise presidential candidates  . Bush said turning over the White House to Obama ""will be a stirring sight."" ""I know millions of Americans will be overcome with pride at this inspiring moment that so many have waited for for so long,"" Bush said. Moving toward Obama's January 20 inauguration, Bush promised the president-elect he can count on ""complete cooperation"" as he makes the transition to the White House. Speaking later at the State Department, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said her department ""will do everything that we can"" to ensure a smooth transition.  Watch Rice pledge a smooth turnover at the State Department  . Rice, an African-American like Obama, also called Tuesday's election ""an extraordinary step forward"" in the nation's history. ""I am especially proud because this is a country that's been through a long journey in terms of overcoming wounds, and making race not the factor in our lives,"" Rice said. Bush warned America's enemies not to expect any letup in national security during the transition. ""The United States government will stay vigilant in meeting its most important responsibility, protecting the American people,"" Bush said. On Thursday, Obama is expected to receive his first top-secret intelligence briefing, similar to the one Bush gets every day, according to U.S. officials familiar with the process. In a message to CIA employees obtained by CNN, CIA Director Michael Hayden says Director of National Intelligence Michael McConnell will lead Obama's first briefing. Bush pledged to fulfill his duties as president until the final day of his presidency. ""I will continue to conduct the people's business as long as the office remains in my trust,"" the nation's 43rd president said."
"Jerusalem (CNN) -- Following an investigation, Israel apologized to Egypt this week over an August incident in which five Egyptian border guards were killed, the Israeli Ministry of Defense said. The apology, issued Tuesday, was overshadowed by news that a deal had been reached for the release of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, who was captured by the Palestinian group Hamas more than five years ago. However, it was largely seen as an olive branch to the transitional Egyptian government, as relations between Israel and Egypt have become strained in recent months. On August 18, militants crossed into Israel from Egyptian territory to attack Israeli civilian targets. Eight Israeli citizens were killed in the attacks, which Israel has said were the work of a jihadist group based in Gaza. Responding to the attacks, Israeli troops killed five Egyptian border guards while in pursuit of the militants. The investigation into the incident was conducted by senior Israel Defense Forces officials and Egyptian army officials, the Ministry of Defense said. For security reasons, the ministry said, the results of the probe remain sealed. Israel issued a rare statement of regret three days after the incident, after Egypt suggested it was recalling its ambassador in protest. The overture, however, was deemed insufficient by many in Egypt and days later, angry protesters ransacked the Israeli Embassy in Cairo. The entire staff was hastily withdrawn after U.S. President Barack Obama personally intervened with the Egyptians to secure their safe passage, but the sequence of events dealt a blow to Israeli-Egyptian relations. In the wake of the embassy incident, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel would stick to its 1979 peace agreement with Egypt. In the Tuesday statement, Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said the August militant attack was ""despicable"" and ""meant to murder as many Israeli citizens as possible and destroy the peaceful relations that are strategically important between Israel and Egypt,"" the Tuesday statement said. But ""based on the findings of the investigation, the defense minister decided to express his apology to Egypt over the death of every Egyptian policeman who was killed while on duty as a result of Israeli fire."" Netanyahu, meanwhile, spoke Thursday with the head of Egypt's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces Field Marshal Mohamed Tantawi and thanked him for the ""central role"" Egypt played in the agreement for Shalit's return, the prime minister's office said. ""Your assistance warms the cockles of the heart of all Israeli citizens,"" Netanyahu told Tantawi."
"(CNN) -- Casey Anthony must serve a year of probation after being convicted on check fraud charges, a Florida appeals court ruled Tuesday. Anthony cannot ""take advantage"" of an administrative error to avoid serving the 2010 sentence, the appeals court ruled. The Fifth District Court of Appeal's ruling comes a day after Florida's attorney general filed a motion in the case. Attorney General Pamela Bondi argued that a clerical error should not prevent Anthony from abiding by a judge's verbal order. Anthony ""and her lawyers were well aware that her probationary placement was not to begin until her release from confinement,"" the appeals court ruling said. Anthony has been in seclusion since her July acquittal on murder charges in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter, Caylee, and her subsequent release from jail. Anthony was convicted of felony check fraud for stealing a checkbook from a friend and writing five checks for $644.25. A judge sentenced her in that case in January 2010. Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. ruled earlier this month that she had to report for probation on the bad-check charge by Friday. The attorney general's office wrote that Anthony ""upon her release (July 17), should have reported"" for probation -- something she did not do. Anthony's probation order requires her to live in Orange County, Florida, unless the probation office allows her to leave. She has received no such approval, a corrections department spokeswoman has said. But Anthony's attorneys have argued repeatedly that Anthony should not have to return to serve her probation in Florida. In an emergency petition filed on Wednesday with the same appeals court, Anthony's defense team asked that the court overturn Perry's order before the required date. They also asked the appellate court to strip Perry of further jurisdiction in the case. Orange County Circuit Judge Stan Strickland had earlier ordered Anthony to serve a year of probation after her release in the charges involving her daughter, but a clerk misunderstood the judge and prepared an order that the judge later signed, instructing that Anthony would serve the probation while in custody awaiting trial. The order was updated August 1 to add the words ""upon release."" But Anthony's lawyers contended that she couldn't be required to serve probation, arguing that she had already served it while in custody under a signed order from Strickland. Serving the sentence now would violate constitutional protections against having to serve a sentence twice for the same offense, they argued. Perry ruled earlier this month that Strickland's verbal order was binding -- a ruling the appeals court upheld Tuesday."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The family of Michael Jackson has been told by state officials that it may be possible to bury the singer at Neverland Ranch -- if the county gives the green light. Santa Barbara County says it hasn't yet been contacted about burying Michael Jackson at Neverland. Officials with Santa Barbara County, the site of the ranch, said Thursday that they have not yet been approached, and it was not clear whether the family had decided to pursue that option. A lawyer from the Jackson family contacted state officials recently about possibly burying Jackson at the ranch that was his home for almost two decades, said Amanda Fulkerson of California's State and Consumer Services Agency. To bury someone on private land in California is a two-step process. First, a certificate of authority is needed from the state Cemetery and Funeral Bureau -- easily obtainable by filling out a two-page application and paying $400. Next, the family needs approval from the county. No one from the Jackson camp has contacted county authorities yet, said county spokesman William Boyer. ""We have had no formal application either from the Jackson family or from the property owner,"" said Boyer, the communications director for the county. ""At that point, we would review the application and make a determination."" Boyer said Santa Barbara county has never been approached about burial on private land. California has had burials outside cemeteries, most notably that of former U.S. President Ronald Reagan at his presidential library in Ventura County's Simi Valley. Jackson's brother Jermaine said he'd like to see the singer buried at the ranch. But their father, Joe Jackson, said he opposes the site. The rest of the family has expressed no preference about Jackson's final resting place. Michael Jackson died June 25 of a cardiac arrest. The exact cause of death is pending toxicology results. Jackson purchased the Neverland Ranch -- named for the fictional world in J.M. Barrie's ""Peter Pan"" -- in 1987 and filled it with animals and amusement rides. Billionaire Tom Barrack Jr. gained control of the ranch through his company last year as part of a process to alleviate the singer's debts, believed to be in the millions. Soon after Jackson's death, Barrack said the property's future would be discussed at a later time."
"(CNN) -- He never told a lie, as the story goes. So maybe if he were alive today, President George Washington could tell a New York City library what he did with two books he checked out 221 years ago. The two books -- weighty discourses on international relations and parliamentary debates -- were checked out on October 5, 1789. They were due on November 2, 1789, but weren't brought back. Since then, they've been steadily collecting a fine of a few cents each day, adding up to more than $4,000 by the New York Society Library's informal estimate. ""I'm sorry, math is not my thing at all,"" said Jane Goldstein, the assistant head librarian when asked to hazard a guess. The fine at the time was 2 pence a day. Now, it's 15 cents -- ""It's really gone up, hasn't it?"" she quipped. One of the librarians, Matthew Haugen, guessed the fine to be in the region of 3,000 British pounds, or about $4,577. ""He stuck with the pence concept,"" Goldstein said. The library first learned of the missing books when it discovered a yellowed ledger in its basement . It listed all the people who had checked out books from the city's oldest library between July 1789 and April 1792. Next to the works ""Law of Nations"" and the 12th volume of ""Common Debates"" was the name of the person who checked them out: ""President."" At the time, New York was the capital of the United States, and the library was the only one in town. Soon after, the capital was relocated to Philadelphia and then Washington D.C. The New York library, a subscription library that was New York's first library open to the public, has known about the missing books since the 1930s. The matter came up again recently because the library is capturing the ledgers in digital form to preserve the records. Library officials cross-checked the books mentioned in the ledger with the ones in their collection. ""Volume 12 (of ""Common Debates"") was still missing,"" as was the other book, Goldstein said. The library is not so concerned about the fine as it is about each book. ""We don't know where it is,"" she said. ""We have tried to find it and we can't,"" she said."
"(CNN) -- The remains of a Massachusetts airman missing in action from World War II have been identified and will be returned to his family for burial, the Department of Defense said Wednesday. Army Air Forces 2nd Lt. Martin P. Murray, 21, of Lowell, Massachusetts, took off on October 27, 1943, from an airfield near Port Moresby, New Guinea, with 11 other crew members aboard a B-24D Liberator. At the time, plans were being formulated to mount an attack on the Japanese fortification at Rabaul in Papua New Guinea's New Britain Province, the Defense Department's POW/Missing Personnel Office said in a statement. The crew was assigned to conduct reconnaissance on nearby shipping lanes in the Bismarck Sea. During the mission, however, the crew was told to land at a friendly air strip nearby due to poor weather, officials said. ""The last radio transmission from the crew did not indicate their location. Multiple search missions in the following weeks did not locate the aircraft."" After World War II, the Army Graves Registration Service searched for missing airmen, including Murray, in the area, but concluded in June 1949 all of them were unrecoverable, the department said. In August 2003, a team from the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command received information on a crash site from a citizen in Papua New Guinea while investigating another case, according to the statement. The citizen gave the team an identification card from one of the crew members and said there were possible human remains at the site. Other teams attempted to visit the site twice in 2004, but were unable to because of poor weather and hazardous conditions at the helicopter landing site, authorities said. ""Another team was able to successfully excavate the site from January to March 2007 where they found several identification tags from the B-24D crew as well as human remains."" Scientists from the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command and the Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory used forensic identification tools, circumstantial evidence, dental comparisons and mitochondrial DNA to identify Murray's remains, the statement said. Murray's remains will be buried Saturday in Marshfield, Massachusetts, the Defense Department said. At the end of World War II, the U.S. government was unable to recover and identify 79,000 Americans, the statement said. Now, that number has decreased to 74,000."
"London (CNN) -- Portuguese coach Andre Villas-Boas was confirmed as the new manager of Chelsea Wednesday. The 33-year-old will become the youngest manager in the English Premier League. He moved to the west London giants after a payment of 15 million ($21.6 million) made to his former club Porto triggered a release clause in his contract. Villas-Boas, who guided Porto to a treble last season, has signed a three-year contract at Stamford Bridge and will replace Italian coach Carlo Ancelotti, who was sacked in May. ""Chelsea football club is delighted to announce that Andre Villas-Boas will be the club's new manager,"" read a statement on the team's official website. Could Villas-Boas succeed at Chelsea? ""His ambition, drive and determination matches that of Chelsea and we are confident Andre's leadership of the team will result in greater successes in major domestic and European competitions."" The former Academica coach worked as a scout for the four-time English champions under compatriot Jose Mourinho, who is now in charge of Real Madrid. Mourinho -- like Villas-Boas -- guided Porto to a trio of domestic and European honors in 2003, before winning two Premier League titles, one FA Cup and two League Cups as Chelsea boss between 2004 and 2007. Is Villas-Boas the new 'Special One'? Turkey head coach Guus Hiddink had been linked with the vacant position after he enjoyed a successful temporary spell with Chelsea in 2009, but billionaire owner Roman Abramovich has opted for Villas-Boas. Former AC Milan coach Ancelotti was dismissed after a trophy-less campaign saw Chelsea finish second in England's top division, despite delivering a league and FA Cup double the previous year. Abramovich will hope Villas-Boas can secure Chelsea the European Champions League, an honor which has so far eluded the Russian since he gained control of the club in 2003. Meanwhile, seven-time French champions Lyon announced the appointment Wednesday of Remi Garde as their new manager. The former French international has been in charge of the club's youth set-up and replaces Claude Puel, who left Monday with a year left on his contract. Garde was capped six times by his country and played for Lyon for nine years before moving on to Strasbourg and Arsenal in the English Premier League."
"London, England (CNN) -- Composer Andrew Lloyd Webber has expressed an interest in buying London's famed Abbey Road Studios after music company EMI reportedly put the building where the Beatles recorded most of their albums up for sale. Lloyd Webber, the man behind musical hits ""Phantom of the Opera"" and ""Cats,"" came forward following concerns from fans and music industry figures that the historic building would fall foul of property developers. ""He is very interested in buying the studios,"" a spokesman for Lloyd Webber, who is one of the UK music industry's richest figures with an estimated worth of 750 million ($1,150 million), told CNN. EMI has slapped a for sale tag on Abbey Road as it looks to dig itself out of heavy debts following the music company's 2007 leveraged buyout by private equity operation Terra Firma, according to the Financial Times. The news has generated concerns from music industry figures including former Beatle Paul McCartney, but Lloyd Webber is the first to indicate willingness to open his check book. His spokesman added: ""He first recorded there in 1967 with Tim Rice. Andrew has since recorded most of his musicals there, from 'Jesus Christ Superstar' to his new musical 'Love Never Dies.' ""He thinks it is vital that the studios are saved for the future of the music industry in the UK. Abbey Road has such great facilities, with three major recording studios, and Andrew has probably brought more musicians to record there than anyone else, because it has the capacity to record large orchestral productions."" Lloyd Webber's interest in the building follows an announcement from Britain's National Trust, a charity that safeguards many of the country's historic buildings, that it was considering whether involve itself. After opening up the issue to the public via the Internet, the charity, which already owns the childhood homes of Paul McCartney and fellow former Beatle John Lennon, received thousands of votes, plus Facebook and Twitter comments, urging it to act. ""If we can help, we will step forward,"" National Trust director general Fiona Reynolds said, according to its Web site. Abbey Road Studios, located in the wealthy north west London suburb of St. John's Wood, have been a centerpiece of the UK recording industry since they were established in the 1930s. Making its name with classical recordings involving composer Edward Elgar, the studios gained worldwide fame through the Beatles, who named one of their albums ""Abbey Road,"" featuring an iconic photo of the band crossing a road outside the building on its cover. With other bands -- including Pink Floyd, whose 1973 classic ""Dark Side of the Moon"" was recorded there, and Radiohead -- sustaining interest in the venue, it has become a Mecca for music fans who regularly daub tributes to their icons on its walls."
(CNN) -- Hundreds of Cambodians packed a courtroom in Phnom Penh on Monday as three top Khmer Rouge leaders went on trial for their role during the bloody four-year regime in the mid-1970s. The U.N.-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia has scheduled four days of opening statements for the defendants, who are all in their 80s. On trial are Ieng Sary, the former Khmer Rouge foreign minister; Khieu Samphon, the nominal head of state; and Nuon Chea, the prime minister, also known as Brother Number 2. The head of the Khmer Rouge, Pol Pot, was known as Brother Number 1. He died in 1998, long before the U.N.-backed court came into existence. A fourth defendant, Ieng Thirith, was ruled unfit to stand trial because she suffers from dementia and could be set free, prosecutor said. She is Sary's wife and served as the social affairs ministry during the regime. Prosecutors have charged the defendants with crimes against humanity, grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions, genocide, homicide, torture and religious persecution. Under Pol Pot's leadership, the Khmer Rouge regime was responsible for the deaths of millions of ordinary Cambodians during a four-year reign of terror that was eventually halted in 1979 by invading Vietnamese forces. In 1975, the Khmer Rouge ordered people out of Phnom Penh, the capital, and other cities in Cambodia to work in the countryside. It is said to be responsible for about 1.7 million deaths, roughly a quarter of the population at the time. Its stated aim was to create a Communist utopia, but instead the regime forced Cambodians into what has been described as a living hell. Soldiers marched city-dwellers into the countryside and forced them to work as farm laborers. Those already living in rural Cambodia were expected to produce enough food for the country while teaching farming to those who had never done it before. The regime abolished currency, and considered anyone with an education a threat. It did not allow modern medicine, and it isolated Cambodia to make it completely self-sufficient. The results were disastrous: People died of starvation and disease as soldiers tortured and killed anyone suspected of being disloyal. In the end, virtually everyone, including the soldiers, became a target due to the leadership's paranoia.
"(CNN) -- Wael Ghonim, a Google executive who has been missing for more than a week following his purported arrest in Cairo, is to be released Monday, according to two Egyptian television news networks. Telecom executive Naguib Sawiris announced on OTV Sunday that Ghonim would be released at 4 p.m. Monday. Sawiris told CNN that Egyptian Vice President Omar Suleiman assured him during a Sunday meeting between government officials and opposition leaders that Ghonim would be released. State-run Nile TV reported that Prime Minister Ahmad Shafiq called the network to announce that a Google executive missing for more than a week will be released Monday. There was no explanation as to the executive's whereabouts or condition. Sawiris is a member of the so-called Committee of the Wise, a group of independent elite leaders of Egyptian society taking part in talks over the future of the country. The announcements follow the release of a statement earlier Sunday by the human rights group Amnesty International. The statement warned that Ghonim was at risk of being tortured by Egytian authorities. ""The Egyptian authorities must immediately disclose where Wael Ghuneim is and release him or charge him with a recognizable criminal offence,"" said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui, deputy director of Middle and North Africa at Amnesty International. ""He must be given access to a doctor and a lawyer of his choice and not be subjected to torture or other ill-treatment. His case is just one of many that highlight the continued crackdown by the Egyptian authorities on those exercising their right to protest peacefully."" Ghonim, according to Amnesty International, was declared missing after he failed to meet with his brother January 28, as planned, to take part in street demonstrations. Ghonim, who heads Google's marketing operations in north Africa and the Middle East, had been in Cairo on a business trip since January 23. Ghonim is from Dubai, according to the human rights group. Family members became concerned when they discovered that Ghonim's telephones had been disconnected, according to the human rights group. Eyewitnesses later told family members they had seen Egyptian authorities arrest Ghonim during demonstrations near Mustafa Mohamed Street."
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Twenty-six year old Brazilian footballer Kaka is at the subject of negotiations about a salary that could see him earn nearly 95 times more than what Barack Obama will be paid when he enters the White House. Pay rise: Kaka could soon be earning $726,000 per week . Reports circulated Wednesday that the AC Milan midfielder is being offered a 500,000 ($726,000) per WEEK salary by English Premier League club Manchester City. A statement on Italy's Mediaset Web site appeared to suggest he will turn down the offer, however Manchester City officials insist the talks are ongoing. Even if he declines the move, the offer is far beyond the pay for many other high-profile jobs. For example, the U.S. President receives about $7690 per week, while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown receives around $5233. What do you think of these salaries? Should footballers be paid more than world leaders? Tell us in the Sound Off box below. A comparison of a variety of salaries shows just how highly footballers, and professional sportsmen and women are paid in relation to other jobs. Even current football salaries dwarf the pay for most executive positions and public offices. WEEKLY INCOME (approximate) U.S. President:                $7690 . British PM Gordon Brown: $5233 . Band 5 nurse in Britain:     $567 . Director-General of BBC:   $22,800 . Average U.S. teacher:       $915 . Cristiano Ronaldo:            $177,345 . Lewis Hamilton:                $391,593 . Kaka's reported offer:        $726,881 . If Kaka's deal does proceed, he will earn more than triple the Premier League's current highest-paid player, Robinho. The Brazilian, also with Manchester City, earns approximately $232,580 per week. Manchester City is owned by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi, a man believed to be worth about $22 billion -- so funding the salary shouldn't be a problem. Kaka's current salary at AC Milan was believed to be about $208,000 per week.
"(CNN) -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has continued reshaping his squad ahead of the new season by allowing midfielder Guti to leave the Spanish giants, while legendary forward Raul is also set to go. Guti, who did not feature in Spain's 2010 World Cup squad, will depart the Bernabeu 15 years after making his first-team debut. The 33-year-old, who joined the club at the age of nine and has won 14 international caps, has been linked with a move to Turkish side Besiktas. ""I always wished to play for Real Madrid and I did my best to stay, refusing very tempting offers to play elsewhere,"" he told the club's official website on Sunday. ""I am about to begin a new and exciting stage in my career and I wish to enjoy being in a new country to the fullest. ""This has been a beautiful and glorious experience, but these things happen in football all the time. Younger players need to be given way and I feel proud and happy for having played here."" Former Real coach Berndt Schuster is now in charge of Besiktas, and Guti confirmed that he may be reunited with the German. ""I have an offer from Besiktas, but I haven't decided yet,"" he said. ""What is for sure is that wherever I go, I will give everything."" Guti won three Champions League titles and five Spanish La Liga crowns with Real, playing 542 matches in the white shirt of ""Los Merengues."" ""I leave knowing Real Madrid will always be my home. Part of my heart stays here today. I would like to return after retiring as a player,"" he said. Guti's departure will be followed by that of the club's all-time leading scorer Raul, who is expected to join Schalke according to recent quotes from the German side's manager Felix Magath. The UK Press Association reported that the 33-year-old will hold a farewell press conference on Monday. British media claimed on Sunday that Mourinho is still trying to sign Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard and his England teammate, Chelsea defender Ashley Cole. Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho has also expressed his interest in rejoining his former Chelsea and Porto boss in Madrid. ""I would go there right now, swimming or running,"" he told Spanish newspaper AS. Mourinho has already brought in Argentina winger Angel Di Maria from Benfica and young midfielder Sergio Canales from Racing Santander."
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN) -- Congestion in Zimbabwe's prisons is set to ease a bit after President Robert Mugabe acceded to pleas by prison authorities to pardon more than 1,500 prisoners. Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has agreed to pardon 1,500 prisoners because of congestion. Mugabe granted the amnesty last month, but the Zimbabwe Prison Service is still identifying 1,544 prisoners to release. Zimbabwe's prisons are congested because the crime rate has escalated due to the country's economic collapse, prison officials have said. A senior justice ministry official told journalists Wednesday that Mugabe's clemency would benefit all convicted female prisoners and juveniles, but excludes criminals facing serious charges including rape or any sexual offenses, carjacking, conspiracy, armed robbery, murder and stock theft. ""As a short-term relief option to try and contain some of these challenges seriously and negatively impacting on the effective and efficient administration of prisons, a proposal to have a general amnesty was granted to inmates,"" said David Mangota, the Justice Ministry permanent secretary, of Mugabe's decision. The country's 42 prisons have a capacity for 13,000 inmates but are currently holding 17,000. As a result, the Prison Service has not been able to supply adequate rations to inmates. In April, a documentary showed half-naked, skeletal prisoners wasting away from hunger and diseases in some facilities. Prison officials said they are also strapped for cash, causing ""challenges"" in fulfilling basic needs for inmates, which include food, clothing and bedding, toiletries and transport, among others. One of the country's largest detention facilities, Khami Prison, has had its water cut off because the Prison Service hasn't paid its water bills, lawyers complained Wednesday. Sources said those bills now total more that U.S. $230,000. ""Offenders incarcerated should be treated humanely and with dignity in matters of health care, personal hygiene, sanitary, ablution requirements and general living conditions,"" said Josphat Tshuma, president of the Law Society of Zimbabwe. Khami Prison is located about 500 kilometers (310 miles) southwest of the Zimbabwean capital of Harare and holds more than 2,000 inmates. The water disconnection raises the possibility that diseases such as cholera could break out, the Law Society said. Last year, a number of prisoners died due to various diseases related to lack of water, hunger and inhuman and unhygienic conditions, the group charged."
"(Mashable) -- Ford Motor Company Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. is confident that the auto industry is on its way to eliminating CO2 emissions. He's less confident, however, that the world is prepared to adequately deal with an even larger problem: the global gridlock created by a population set to grow to 9 billion people by 2044. The growth, said Ford in a talk at the TED conference in Long Beach, CA on Wednesday, will see the number of vehicles on the road go from 800 million today to 2-3 billion by 2050. The global gridlock crisis, as Ford describes it, will ""stifle economic growth and our ability to deliver food and healthcare ... [and] our quality of life will be significantly compromised."" Mashable: TED videos: web's best brainfood translated into 40+ languages . Citing the fact that the average American spends one week per year in traffic, and that the average resident in Beijing spends 5 hours per day commuting, Ford thinks the answer to the crisis is not to build more roads, but to build a smarter transportation system that makes use of real-time data and connected cars. Ford envisions a future where all cars are connected and as he puts it, ""talk to each other,"" such that you already have a parking spot at your destination when you leave your house, be automatically re-routed to avoid traffic based on data being sent in real-time by the cars in front of you, and find a cab via your smartphone. In theory, this data would also let you live a more efficient life, enabling you to leave your home such that you'll get to your destination precisely on time. Ford thinks such a future ""will be ready for prime time really soon,"" noting that tests of such systems are already under way around the world. Of course, Ford's company has been an early mover in the connected car space, with Ford SYNC technology now on board 3 million vehicles. Ultimately though, he sees solving the global gridlock crisis as a huge opportunity for entrepreneurs of all sizes, that can both be profitable and as he puts it, ""preserve the freedom to move effortlessly around the world"" that has been responsible for so much economic growth in the century since his great grandfather created the Ford Motor Company.  2010 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved."
"(CNN) -- A tour bus driver has been confirmed dead, while hopes dimmed for possible survivors of rock slides unleashed by Typhoon Megi last week in Taiwan. Tour bus driver Tsai Chih-ming, 19 Chinese tourists and a Chinese tour leader went missing Thursday along the Suhua Highway, in northeast Taiwan. Sections of the scenic highway, which is perched along a cliff on the island's eastern coast, gave way. Tsai's remains were positively matched with a DNA sample from his daughter, official Taiwanese media said Tuesday. Identification is pending for several other sets of remains that have been found. Confirmation of the driver's death brought Megi's death toll to 14 in Taiwan, its Central News Agency said. The typhoon injured nearly 100 others on the island last week. Family members of the missing Chinese tourists have asked Taiwanese officials to expand the search, hoping to at least find remains. Three dozen family members arrived on the island from southern China on Monday night. ""I was expecting to see my sister alive two days ago, but the chance of finding anybody alive is dim,"" Zhou Lifang said of missing tourist Zhou Suhua. ""But I'm still waiting for my sister, no matter herself or her body,"" she told China's state-run Xinhua news agency. ""The rescue team should expand its search areas."" The Taiwanese military has deployed helicopters, patrol boats and divers as part of search efforts. The navy was weighing whether to also dispatch a mine sweeper to further the search, the Central News Agency said. ""I'm moved by local rescue workers, because they are risking their lives to search for the missing,"" said missing tourist Wu Rika's sister-in-law, Zhao Hongbing. ""But from what I saw today, I think the local rescue authorities should mobilize more people and use more large machinery. I don't know when we can see our relatives with the current rescue force,"" she told Xinhua. Typhoon Megi struck the Philippines earlier last week, affecting an estimated 258,800 people and leaving thousands homeless. The typhoon made landfall in China's southeastern province of Fujian on Saturday, affecting nearly 650,000 people and destroying 500 houses, China's Xinhua news agency said. About 270,000 people had evacuated. Damage in Fujian from the strongest typhoon of the year was estimated at 1.59 billion yuan ($238 million)."
"LAGOS, Nigeria (CNN) -- Nigeria has set its sights on making multibillion-dollar oil deals with China amid peace moves with militants. Hundreds of militants have laid down their weapons in exchange for a pardon and a job. Lawmakers in the west African country -- one of the world's top producers of oil -- are crafting new money-making changes for its state oil corporation, as officials negotiate multibillion-dollar oil deals with China. At the same time, the government is brokering peace with bandits whose attacks have cost the oil industry millions. Nigeria's minister for state of petroleum, Odein Ajumogobia, talked this month about the developments. The changes aimed at the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation will address allegations of corruption and mismanagement, he said. ""Some of the excesses we've seen in the industry are as a result of the lack of regulation,"" Ajumogobia said. ""We are going to make sure that the petroleum directorate, for example, where the minister will reside, is going to be manned by professionals who understand the industry and have the experience."" Nigeria welcomes China's recent interest in investing in Nigeria's oil industry, Ajumogobia added. The state-run China Daily reported in September that the China National Offshore Oil Corporation was negotiating with Nigeria over a $30 billion oil deal. The talks are part of China's oil-buying binge this year. Its government-controlled oil companies have closed or floated a slew of deals all over the world, including billion-dollar deals with Russian oil company Rosneft and Brazil's Petrobras. The Nigerian minister offered few details about negotiations with China. ""There is no deal yet,"" he said. ""We all know the appetite of the Chinese for energy -- a huge population and so on -- and they're looking for oil and Nigeria has a lot of it."" Oil bandits have plagued Nigeria for years, attacking pipelines and cutting production by over 1 million barrels of oil a day. But many of those attacks might end, thanks to a cease-fire with the militant group MEND, or the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta. The truce was negotiated in the summer and was extended in September. MEND has demanded a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta and wants oil revenue reinvested in the region, instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians. Last week, the group said it was calling off the truce, but there have not been renewed attacks. Nigeria hopes to leverage the fragile peace to reap big dollars from its oil industry, Ajumogobia said."
"Lima, Peru (CNN) -- Joran van der Sloot told investigators during an interrogation that he knows the location of Natalee Holloway's body, but he would neither identify the location nor say what happened to her the night of her disappearance, a Peruvian police official told said Thursday in Lima, Peru. ""He says he knew the location of the American citizen but that he was going to explain everything to Aruban police,"" said Miguel Canlla, head of the homicide division of the Peruvian national police investigative unit. Van der Sloot, a 22-year-old Dutch citizen, is suspected of killing a 21-year-old woman in Lima last month. Stephany Flores Ramirez was found beaten to death in a hotel room registered in van der Sloot's name. Van der Sloot was captured in Chile and returned last week to Peru, where authorities say he confessed to killing Flores. He was twice arrested in connection with the 2005 disappearance of Holloway, who was on a class trip to Aruba, but was released for lack of evidence. This week U.S. authorities filed extortion and wire fraud charges against the Dutchman. An Interpol document says van der Sloot faces criminal charges in Alabama because he allegedly tried to extort money from Holloway's mother. A federal law enforcement agent told CNN that a representative for Natalee Holloway's mother who paid $25,000 for information on the whereabouts of her daughter's remains last month was an undercover FBI agent. Van der Sloot said he would reveal the location of the body and the circumstances surrounding her death for $25,000 in cash and asked for $250,000 in total, the document states. The FBI and U.S. Attorney's office in Birmingham arranged for a meeting where van der Sloot was paid $10,000 in cash and another $15,000 in a wire transfer for information van der Sloot allegedly promised would lead to Holloway's body in Aruba, a source familiar with the case said. The meeting took place last month, according to the U.S. attorney's office in Birmingham. Interpol documents show that the $15,000 was transferred to a personal bank account in the Netherlands. It's unclear whether that money paid for van der Sloot's trip to Colombia and to Peru. In exchange for the money, van der Sloot showed the representative a house where supposedly Holloway's remains were, according to the document. When records showed that the house had not yet been built at the time of her disappearance, van der Sloot admitted that he lied, Interpol said."
"KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's prime minister said Monday he will resign to save what he called the country's ""infant democracy."" Pushpa Kamal Dahal cited a serious political crisis caused by the president's ""unconstitutional"" order. It is the latest fallout over the status of Nepal's army chief, Gen. Rookmangud Katawal. The Maoist government sacked Katawal on Sunday. Hours later, President Ram Baran Yadav reinstated him. Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal, commonly known as Prachanda, resigned on Monday, citing a serious political crisis caused by the president's ""unconstitutional"" order. ""The dual powers that have been unconstitutionally established in the country must end under any circumstance,"" Prachanda said in a televised address announcing he would resign from the country's Cabinet. Prachanda is the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist), which had been the largest party in Nepal's coalition government until it recently withdrew. The former guerilla leader headed a decade-long bloody Maoist insurgency to abolish the country's monarchy before being sworn in as prime minister in August. In his address on Monday, Prachanda blamed certain political parties and ""power centers"" for ""striking at our democracy, constitution and the peace process by putting the president in the forefront of the controversy over the chief of army staff."" ""This has raised concerns over our infant democracy and the peace process,"" he said. ""I appeal to the people, civil society and political powers to be committed to the struggle for establishing a democratic Nepal."" Nepal's interim constitution gives the president powers as supreme commander of the army and guardian of the constitution. Yadav's spokesman said the president had the support of 18 parties in parliament when he reinstated the army chief. The decision to fire Katawal touched off protests. Supporters of both sides in the dispute took to the streets on Sunday. Despite sporadic clashes between the two factions, there were no serious injuries reported. The Cabinet voted to dismiss Katawal after the military refused the government's order to stop recruiting about 3,000 new soldiers to fill vacant positions when it has yet to take in former Maoist rebels, as a 2006 peace deal required. The Maoists laid down their arms and won power in 2008 elections after an agreement that ended a decade-long insurgency. Under the deal, more than 19,000 former insurgents were to be integrated into the country's security forces. Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Financing for DreamWorks Studios' partnership with one of India's richest men was finalized Monday, giving Steven Spielberg and partner Stacey Snider money to resume making movies. From left to right, Steven Spielberg, Anil Ambani, Stacey Snider and Amitahb Jhunjhunwala. The deal with Anil Ambani, chairman of India's Reliance BIG Entertainment, provides Spielberg's DreamWorks Studios with $875 million, coming from Ambani, the Walt Disney Co. and loans made by a syndicate of banks. Disney will distribute and market about six DreamWorks Studios films around the world each year, with the exception of India, where Reliance will have those rights. Spielberg and Snider found themselves in need of financial partners last year when he cut ties with Paramount Pictures and began rebuilding DreamWorks into an independent studio. Although the deal, which was announced last year, has been characterized in some reports as ""Hollywood meets Bollywood,"" Spielberg and partner Stacey Snider will have creative control over productions. ""This will allow us to move ahead quickly into production with our first group of films,"" Snider and Spielberg said in a joint statement. Reliance BIG Entertainment is part of the Reliance group controlled by billionaire Ambani. ""Our partnership with Stacey and Steven is the cornerstone of our Hollywood strategy as we grow our film interests across the globe,"" Ambani said. ""Given our faith in the business plan that they presented to us and despite the current economic climate, we were always confident that this day would come. Now Stacey and Steven can focus on producing more of the great films for which they are renowned."" Ambani, whose company owns hundreds of theater screens across South Asia, has also invested development money this year with other Hollywood production companies, including those owned by actors Nicolas Cage, Tom Hanks, George Clooney and Jim Carrey. A DreamWorks announcement said that J.P. Morgan brought together the syndicate of banks to provide about $325 million in funding. The banks include Bank of America, City National Bank, Wells Fargo, Comerica, Union Bank of California, SunTrust, California Bank & Trust, and Israel Discount Bank. One of the first movies to go into production will be ""Harvey,"" an adaptation of the play that won a Pulitzer for playwright Mary Chase. The tale about a man and his invisible bunny friend was first made into a movie, starring Jimmy Stewart, in 1950. Spielberg's long career as a screenwriter, director and producer has included classic blockbusters ""E.T.: The Extraterrestrial,"" the ""Indiana Jones"" series and ""Saving Private Ryan."""
"(CNN) -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon will return to Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua, for the second time in as many weeks on Wednesday morning, a spokesman for the municipal police department said. ""For security reasons, details are nonexistent,"" police department spokesman Jacinto Seguro said. Calderon will attend a meeting with local, state and federal officials, as well as civic and human rights groups, on Wednesday in Ciudad Juarez, which has been plagued by violence stemming from drug cartels. The January 31 killings in southern Juarez of 15 people, most of whom were students with no ties to organized crime, has sparked outrage across the country. The slayings, which occurred at a house party, are thought to be the result of bad intelligence by a cartel and the gang that carried out the killings. President Calderon, who has faced mounting pressure this month from Juarez residents to resign, will be visiting the city for the third time since assuming power in December 2006. Last week in Juarez, Calderon apologized to the families of the 15 people killed and promised residents that their input would form part of the strategy against drug-related violence. Residents of Juarez attempting to highlight the growing frustration with Calderon's war against organized crime took to the streets by the hundreds on Saturday. Many held signs targeted at Calderon reading, ""Assassin."" On Tuesday, police said a business owner and his 24-year-old secretary were found slain inside a business near southern Juarez at 11 a.m. ""It's not new that the cartels target business owners, but killing his secretary, that's something that you don't see too often,"" Seguro said. Also Tuesday, 20 students found skipping class and drinking in the street were detained by police as part of an effort to curtail unlawful street activity, Seguro said. Violence in Juarez comes amid a backdrop of vastly increased numbers of homicides nationwide, as drug cartels battle each other and the Mexican government steps up its efforts to combat them. The government has not released official figures, but national media say 7,600 Mexicans lost their lives in the war on drugs in 2009. Calderon said last year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug violence in 2008. Officials say more than 16,000 Mexicans have died since Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006."
"TAMPA, Florida (CNN) -- TV pitchman Billy Mays' death appeared to be from heart disease, not a bump to the head, according to the Hillsborough County medical examiner. OxiClean pitchman Billy Mays apparently died from heart disease, according to the medical examiner. The final cause of death will not be known until after toxicology results are available, Dr. Vernard Adams said at a Monday news conference. Mays, 50, was pronounced dead at his home near Tampa Sunday morning, after his wife Deborah found him unresponsive, Tampa police said. The autopsy conducted Monday morning revealed Mays suffered from hypertensive heart disease, Adams said. ""It's not uncommon to have a sudden death with this kind of disease,"" Adams said.  Watch medical examiner discuss Mays' autopsy  . ""Billy would be overwhelmed to see that his life touched so many people in a positive way,"" Deborah Mays said in a statement Monday. ""While it provides some closure to learn that heart disease took Billy from us, it certainly doesn't ease the enormous void that his death has created in our lives,"" she said. Billy Mays had told a friend before he went to sleep Saturday he was not feeling well. ""He said he was groggy, he wasn't feeling that great. He wanted to get some sleep,"" Todd Schnitt said.  Watch friends remember Billy Mays  . Mays was on a US Airways flight from Philadelphia that had a hard landing Saturday at Tampa International Airport after the front tire of the plane blew out. After the flight, Mays told a Tampa TV station, ""All of a sudden as we hit, you know, it was just the hardest hit, all the things from the ceiling started dropping. It hit me on the head, but I got a hard head.""  Watch Mays talk about hard landing  . Mays, with his booming voice, was famous for fronting products such as OxiClean and Orange Glo in TV commercials. iReport.com: Mays imitator meets the real thing . No evidence of exterior or interior head trauma was found during Mays' autopsy, Adams said. The Discovery Channel -- which airs ""Pitchmen"" co-hosted by Mays -- issued a statement saying, ""It is with incredible sadness that we have to report that Billy Mays died in his sleep last night. Everyone that knows him was aware of his larger-than-life personality, generosity and warmth. Billy was a pioneer in his field and helped many people fulfill their dreams. He will be greatly missed as a loyal and compassionate friend."" CNN's John Zarrella, Vivian Kuo and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report."
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- Consumer advocates Wednesday hailed the settlement of a class-action lawsuit over Sears stoves in which the retailer agreed to install safety brackets for free to prevent the appliances from tipping over or provide other reimbursements. Stoves in danger of tipping over can be fixed for free under terms of a settlement announced Wednesday. According to the court-approved agreement, Sears will notify nearly 4 million customers who may have bought stoves between July 2000 and September 2007 that they either can get anti-tip safety brackets installed for free or receive gift cards or reimbursements of up to $100 to qualifying customers. The brackets keep the appliances bolted to the floor or wall to prevent them from tipping over. Such accidents have caused more than 100 deaths or injuries, mostly from scalding and burns, according to the nonprofit consumer group Public Citizen. The value of the settlement depends on how many customers respond to Sears' offer, but Public Citizen said it could end up costing the retailer more than $545 million.  Watch to see if your stove is in danger of tipping  . In addition to paying $17 million in legal fees, Sears will install brackets on all new stoves for free for the next three years. ""This agreement by Sears and the lawyers for the consumer is a real deal,"" said Joan Claybrook, president of Public Citizen. ""This is a fantastic deal for a lawsuit to make this headway and get the protection for the consumer."" Sears Holdings Corp. spokesman Chris Brathwaite said the plaintiffs' counsel is overestimating the settlement's monetary value. ""The parties dispute many aspects of the case, including the value on this settlement -- which Sears estimates to be a small fraction of what plaintiffs' counsel estimates,"" Brathwaite said in a statement. Claybrook and other consumer advocates said they would like the Consumer Product Safety Commission to require anti-tip brackets for all stove installations. Installing brackets is now voluntary. Claybrook said the agreement ""sets a model for what the Consumer Product Safety Commission should do and should have done. They've known about it for 25 years and done nothing."" She said an amendment requiring anti-tip stove devices should be added to Senate legislation intended to beef up the safety commission. Commission spokeswoman Patty Davis disagreed, saying, ""The statistics and risk do not support mandatory rule-making at this time. We believe the voluntary standards are working."" Brathwaite said customers can visit the Web site  http://www.searsrangesettlement.com/ for information. E-mail to a friend ."
"(CNN) -- From Captain Kirk on ""Star Trek"" to Denny Crane on ""Boston Legal,"" William Shatner has been a fixture on television for decades. William Shatner has a new talk show and has written an autobiography. Even as his latest series comes to an end, the actor is busier than ever. He has written an autobiography, ""Up Till Now,"" and he has a new talk show -- ""Shatner's Raw Nerve"" on the Biography channel --billed as an ""edgy and off-beat celebrity interview series."" Shatner talked with CNN's Kyra Phillips about his career, past and present. CNN: ""Boston Legal,"" what a finale: a wedding between Denny and fellow lawyer and best friend Alan. Don't they know that Proposition 8 [passed]? Shatner: It was all a financial guise, as you learned to your dismay. There was nothing sexual about our marriage. It was all designed to bequeath my fortune to him as [my character] got ready to die. CNN: ""Boston Legal"" was a brilliant show: the writing, your famous wit. You must have had a blast doing the show. Shatner: We laughed our way through five years of great joy, great entertainment, and we got some wonderful awards during the years and the beauty of it all was that when we came in this season, we knew we were going to do 13 shows and be out. So the writing reflected the fact that we knew we were ending and it wrapped the whole show up. CNN: I cannot believe you have a porn queen [Jenna Jameson] on your talk show. Shatner: We like to call her an adult film star. She turns out to be highly sensitive, vulnerable. ... This is a remarkable interview of a woman who is terribly vulnerable and expresses it. It was so good, we're doing a two-parter. CNN: Who has been your favorite leading lady? Shatner: They go down in the hoary mists of history. The effects of age -- they all meld into one and it looks like my wife. CNN: You reveal a lot in your book. Who would you say your ultimate mentor has been through your life? Shatner: I've thought about that over the years and it comes up that I don't have anybody who ever mentored me, ever was particularly interested in furthering my career. I had to do it stumbling around, trying to do it as most people do themselves."
"KAMPALA, Uganda (CNN) -- Police in Uganda have arrested and extradited a man who is among the most wanted suspects from the Rwandan genocide. The 100-day killing rampage led to the loss of an estimated 10 percent of Rwanda's population. IIdephonse Nizeyimana was picked up at a hotel in Rubaga, a suburb of the capital, Kampala, by the National Central Bureau of Interpol, according to a news release from the U.N.-sponsored International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) on Tuesday. He was transferred Tuesday to a U.N. detention facility in Arusha, Tanzania, where the tribunal is based. Top officials who allegedly took part in the genocide, such as army generals and politicians, are tried by the tribunal. ""Nizeyimana is one of the four top accused who are earmarked by the prosecutor to be tried by the tribunal in Arusha after their arrest as part of the ICTR completion strategy,"" the tribunal's news release said. Of a list of 13 fugitives, he is the second to be arrested in less than two months, it said. In the attacks that started in April 1994, Hutu militias and members of the general population sought out Tutsis and moderate Hutus, and went on a 100-day killing rampage. Civilians and children got incentives to take part in the atrocities, including promises of land belonging to their Tutsi neighbors. It was one of the most brutal genocides in modern history. Some figures put the number of dead at 1 million -- 10 percent of the population of the central African nation. Millions more were raped and disfigured. A whole generation of children lost their parents. Nizeyimana was a captain the Rwanda Armed Forces, the tribunal said. He is accused of exercising authority over soldiers and personnel through a chain of command, and allegedly sent a section of soldiers to execute of Rosalie Gicanda, a former queen of Rwanda who was a ""symbolic figure for all Tutsis,"" it said. The tribunal noted this marks the second time Uganda has cooperated with it to make an arrest. ""The tribunal has commended the Interpol and the Ugandan authorities for their close cooperation,"" the news release said. Samson Ntale contributed to this report for CNN."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- Honey has been used to treat wounds since ancient times, but recent years have seen a surge of medical interest in the sticky stuff. Research has shown that honey has antibacterial properties. Manuka honey has been the subject of particular interest, with the results of a study just published by Sydney University finding that it has powerful antibacterial properties, and is even effective against antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Associate Professor Dee Carter, from Sydney University's School of Molecular and Microbial Biosciences said: ""Our research is the first to clearly show that these honey-based products could in many cases replace antibiotic creams on wounds and equipment such as catheters. Using honey as an intermediate treatment could also prolong the life of antibiotics."" ""Most bacteria that cause infections in hospitals are resistant to at least one antibiotic, and there is an urgent need for new ways to treat and control surface infections."" She added: ""We don't quite know how these honeys prevent and kill infections, but a compound in them called methylglyoxal seems to interact with a number of other unknown compounds in honey to prevent infectious bacteria developing new strains that are resistant to it."" Honey is a complex substance, containing up to 800 compounds and its complexity means it has been difficult to pinpoint exactly how it kills bacteria. Manuka is a type of honey that is made by bees pollinating the flowers of the Manuka bush, a member of the Leptospermum family that grows naturally in New Zealand. Now, an Australian company is claiming to have produced the world's most potent medical-grade antibacterial honey, made by bees pollinating the Australian jellybush, also a member of the Leptospermum family. Australia's Medi Bioactive Honey Company claims its Berringa antibacterial honey has twice the antibacterial content of normal manuka honey, and has launched the product in the UK. Dr Rose Cooper of the University of Wales Cardiff School of Health Sciences has researched honey's antibacterial action and has written a book called ""Honey in Modern Wounds Management."" Cooper told CNN that there are many components in honey that contribute to its antibacterial nature. She says its high sugar content, low water content and low pH are all factors. Additionally, some honey produces hydrogen peroxide, which can kill bacteria. Since 2004, Britain's National Health Service has licensed the use of manuka-honey wound dressings and sterilized medical grade manuka-honey creams."
"Washington (CNN) -- The initial review of the materials confiscated from Osama bin Laden's compound in Pakistan has found mostly ""aspirational"" planning but has yielded ""real intelligence,"" according to a U.S. official. The official, who was not authorized to speak on the record, said it is still very early in the review, and there are still a lot of data to sort through to determine whether there are any concrete plots. The special task force set up to examine the data has two initial goals, according to the official: check to see whether there are any imminent threats against the U.S. and find leads to other terrorists or plots. The reviewing team is running around the clock, according to the official. The task force assigned to scour the seized material is run by the CIA, with dozens of representatives from throughout the intelligence community working 24/7, searching for clues. Most of the team is poring over the digital, audio and video files as well as printed and handwritten materials from an undisclosed location in the Washington area, but some of the members are participating virtually. The effort to decipher the data is time-consuming because much of it has to be translated, some is handwritten, and large digital files have to be transferred. A senior U.S. intelligence official said Saturday that the materials seen so far appeared to show that bin Laden had a ""continuing interest in transportation and infrastructure targets."" But there is no indication of any specific plot to attack those targets. The senior official said the U.S. believes that the bin Laden compound was in effect a command and control center for al Qaeda because the confiscated materials ""clearly show that bin Laden remained an active leader in al Qaeda, providing strategic, operational and tactical instructions to the group. Though separated from many al Qaeda members who are located in more remote areas of the region, he was far from a figurehead."" According to the first U.S. official, there is ""real intelligence coming out of this."" The official said the intelligence community expects to gain insights into how al Qaeda operated. ""We expect to learn more how bin Laden communicated, who he communicated with and how often he did it, what guidance did he pass on, what questions were passed on, how he operated, how he ran al Qaeda and what did other people expect from bin Laden,"" said the official. At some point, the U.S. expects to share some of what it is learning with other relevant nations and parties who might be able to exploit it further, but until they know more about what they have, the official said it's too early for an exchange of information."
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Financing for DreamWorks Studios' partnership with one of India's richest men was finalized Monday, giving Steven Spielberg and partner Stacey Snider money to resume making movies. From left to right, Steven Spielberg, Anil Ambani, Stacey Snider and Amitahb Jhunjhunwala. The deal with Anil Ambani, chairman of India's Reliance BIG Entertainment, provides Spielberg's DreamWorks Studios with $875 million, coming from Ambani, the Walt Disney Co. and loans made by a syndicate of banks. Disney will distribute and market about six DreamWorks Studios films around the world each year, with the exception of India, where Reliance will have those rights. Spielberg and Snider found themselves in need of financial partners last year when he cut ties with Paramount Pictures and began rebuilding DreamWorks into an independent studio. Although the deal, which was announced last year, has been characterized in some reports as ""Hollywood meets Bollywood,"" Spielberg and partner Stacey Snider will have creative control over productions. ""This will allow us to move ahead quickly into production with our first group of films,"" Snider and Spielberg said in a joint statement. Reliance BIG Entertainment is part of the Reliance group controlled by billionaire Ambani. ""Our partnership with Stacey and Steven is the cornerstone of our Hollywood strategy as we grow our film interests across the globe,"" Ambani said. ""Given our faith in the business plan that they presented to us and despite the current economic climate, we were always confident that this day would come. Now Stacey and Steven can focus on producing more of the great films for which they are renowned."" Ambani, whose company owns hundreds of theater screens across South Asia, has also invested development money this year with other Hollywood production companies, including those owned by actors Nicolas Cage, Tom Hanks, George Clooney and Jim Carrey. A DreamWorks announcement said that J.P. Morgan brought together the syndicate of banks to provide about $325 million in funding. The banks include Bank of America, City National Bank, Wells Fargo, Comerica, Union Bank of California, SunTrust, California Bank & Trust, and Israel Discount Bank. One of the first movies to go into production will be ""Harvey,"" an adaptation of the play that won a Pulitzer for playwright Mary Chase. The tale about a man and his invisible bunny friend was first made into a movie, starring Jimmy Stewart, in 1950. Spielberg's long career as a screenwriter, director and producer has included classic blockbusters ""E.T.: The Extraterrestrial,"" the ""Indiana Jones"" series and ""Saving Private Ryan."""
"(CNN) -- Afghanistan is seeing higher levels of violence this year than last year at this time, with 20% more civilians killed and the number of ""security incidents"" up by 66%, the United Nations says in a new report. The number of civilians killed by the United States and its allies was lower, but insurgent attacks are significantly higher, meaning the overall number of civilian deaths is up. More than 2,400 civilians were killed, and more than 3,800 injured in the first 10 months of this year, the report says. More than three out of four of the casualties were caused by ""anti-government elements,"" it says. That's a 25 percent increase on last year, it said. Deaths caused by U.S. troops and their allies were down 18 percent. ""Assassinations"" of civilians and police reached ""unprecedented numbers"" in August, and there were an average of three suicide attacks per week, the U.N. said in its quarterly report. The United Nations report, which was finalized December 10, also tracked widespread kidnapping of aid workers. A total of 134 were abducted between June and the end of October, the U.N. said. Most were freed quickly, but one Afghan was killed by his captors, the world body said. A British aid worker was also killed this year by U.S. special forces trying to rescue her from kidnappers. Linda Norgrove, 36, was killed by an American grenade thrown by a rescuer who did not realize she was there. U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal, who was the top international military commander in Afghanistan until he was fired in June, urged his troops to avoid civilian casualties in order to avoid making enemies of the population. ""It is better to miss a target than to cause civilian casualties,"" McChrystal said in December 2009. ""We can always target enemy leaders later. We can't make up for the fact that we killed civilians."" But there continued to be high-profile incidents, including one where 23 civilians were killed in a NATO airstrike in February. McChrystal personally apologized to Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai for those killings and ordered an investigation. It concluded that troops needed more training. McChrystal's dismissal was not related to the incident. He was fired over disrespectful comments his inner circle made about top White House officials in a profile of the general in Rolling Stone magazine. The United Nations report was prepared for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon."
"Washington (CNN) -- The United States is concerned that Pakistan may have given China access to the high-tech helicopter that crashed in the U.S. raid on Osama bin Laden's compound, a U.S. official said Monday. ""We have reason to suspect China was given access but we cannot confirm it definitively,"" said a U.S. official who is not authorized to discuss intelligence matters publicly. ""We have strong suspicions."" The comment came after news reports suggested Pakistani authorities may have allowed Chinese engineers to see the stealth aircraft. Pakistan's military has denied the allegation, saying there is ""no truth to the report."" In a written statement, Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN the claim is part of a ""malicious campaign"" against Pakistan's security forces. Abbas ""expressed his astonishment at the far-fetched reporting of certain foreign media outlets,"" the statement said. Officials at the Chinese Embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Financial Times newspaper in London reported that it had learned that Pakistan ""allowed Chinese military engineers to photograph and take samples from the top-secret stealth helicopter."" It added that ""people close to the White House and the Central Intelligence Agency"" told the paper that ""the Chinese were in fact given access to the helicopter."" China declined to comment, the article said. The New York Times reported that ""Pakistan's intelligence service probably allowed Chinese military engineers to examine the wreckage,"" citing ""American officials and others familiar with the classified intelligence assessments."" It noted that the ""American assessments were disclosed"" by The Financial Times. When the aircraft crashed during the raid that killed the al Qaeda leader in May, Navy SEALs destroyed most of it to protect the technology. But the tail section remained mostly intact and it was that area that the Chinese engineers examined, according to the New York Times report. China and Pakistan enjoy a long-standing military relationship, and the May raid that killed bin Laden -- staged without informing the Pakistani government -- stoked tensions between Washington and Islamabad. In July, the United States said it was withholding $800 million in aid to Pakistan. ""They've taken some steps that have given us reason to pause on some of the aid which we're giving to the military, and we're trying to work through that,"" White House Chief of Staff William Daley said at the time. CNN's Barbara Starr, Reza Sayah, and Josh Levs contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- A Florida jury on Saturday found a millionaire guilty of murdering his wife in their upscale home. Diane Ward was shot dead in 2009 in the house she shared with her husband, James ""Bob"" Ward, in the Orlando suburb of Windermere. Two years later -- and following a week-long trial and deliberations that stretched into a second day -- he was convicted of second-degree murder. Soon after entering the Orlando courtroom late Saturday morning, Ward went to a back row and sat between his two visibly distraught daughters, one of whom had testified that she detected no animosity between her parents. He put one arm around both in order to comfort them for several minutes, before heading to his regular seat for the jury's verdict. When the verdict was read, the 63-year-old Ward showed little evident emotion, though his daughters continued to cry. According to an Orange County Sheriff's Office arrest affidavit, the victim was found in the master bedroom -- ""a large pool of blood at the top of her head"" and a .357 Magnum handgun on a nightstand next to the bed. She was shot between her eyes. Ward told police the couple were the only ones in the house at the time, besides their four dogs. After the verdict, prosecutor Robin Wilkinson said the jury's message, and beliefs, were clear. ""It says that out of anger, out of frustration, Mr. Ward pulled a gun and shot his wife in the face,"" she said of the verdict. Defense attorney Kirk Kirkconnell, meanwhile, said his client ""knows that we have good grounds to appeal (and) I think that he remains optimistic."" But the verdict still stings. ""He's disappointed,"" Kirkconnell told reporters. ""He hates leaving his family, obviously, as any man would."" During the trial, the defense contended that Ward loved his family, while prosecutors said the Florida millionaire's demeanor -- along with the evidence -- proves he murdered his 55-year-old wife. The defense rested its case Thursday, a week after testimony started. It asserted that Diane Ward died after a struggle over a loaded gun, not because of any ill intent of her husband. The prosecution pointed out that Ward called 911 the night of the shooting and said, ""I just shot my wife,"" then offered shifting stories as the call progressed and later in his conversations with relatives and colleagues. They said that his stories were inconsistent at best, while the evidence suggests that he pulled the trigger. ""What I would like to do is appeal to one thing, and one thing only: your common sense,"" fellow prosecutor Ken Lewis told the jury during the rebuttal phase of closing arguments Thursday."
"(CNN) -- A blogger who endured a four-year stint in an Egyptian prison for his writings has been released, saying he was jailed for defying convention. Abdel Kareem Nabil -- known by his blogger name, Kareem Amer -- is a self-proclaimed secularist who was convicted and imprisoned by Egypt for ""spreading information disruptive of public order and damaging to the country's reputation,"" ""incitement to hate Islam"" and ""defaming the president of the republic,"" according to a statement from the Committee to Protect Journalists. The former law student at Cairo's Al-Azhar University is a critic of conservative Muslims and has accused his school of promoting extremist ideas, calling Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak a ""dictator,"" it said. Nabil was released from prison November 16. The now famous blogger said he was jailed because he challenged tradition. ""There are things we inherit without even thinking about them,"" Nabil said. ""I tried to change my way of thinking. ""I tried to read what was forbidden in our house, things written by people who in my home and in religious institutions are considered infidels."" Nabil had at times been kept in solitary confinement, largely prohibited from communicating with his lawyers until late January, according to an Amnesty International statement. His time in prison has rendered him a cause celebre among bloggers and other advocates of free expression. But the former law student is not the only blogger to be arrested for expressing controversial views in Egypt. In January, police detained Al-Jazeera producer Howayda Taha Matwali after her work on a documentary that examined alleged torture in Egyptian police stations, the statement said. An Egyptian court found Matwali guilty of ""harming Egypt's national interest"" and ""falsely depicting events,"" sentencing her in absentia to six months in prison, it said. Others, like Egyptian blogger Wael Abbas, say they have faced cyber attacks from state security for years. ""There are troubles that start online,"" he said. Abbas blames the Egyptian government for ""trying to hack your website, trying to block it, trying to disable your account by sending fake reports that you're posting inappropriate material like they did with my you-tube, with my email, with my facebook."" While the internet is among few spaces where Egyptians can express themselves freely, it is far from risk-free. Upon his release, Nabil told reporters that police officers beat him just before he left prison, sending him off with a warning not to blog again."
"(EW.com) -- After various Websites noted a curious surge in votes Tuesday for a contestant in Oprah Winfrey's ""Your OWN Show"" contest, OWN, the television network Winfrey will launch in January, confirms to EW it is investigating. The online contest is really a search for contestants for an OWN reality series in which competitors will then vie for their own show on the network. Until yesterday, Zach Anner, a witty wheelchair-bound Texan who explains in his video that he has cerebral palsy (""the sexiest of the palsies"") and pitches ""a travel show for people who never thought they could travel,"" held a commanding lead. But in the afternoon, contestant Dr. Phyllis -- who proposes a reality show on teachers because the drama is in the classroom, rather convincingly -- took the top spot by amassing votes at a rate that spurred some techno-savvy readers into sleuth mode. Geekosystem has a detailed breakdown of the various claims (complete with graphs) among them that for at least a few hours, the source code for Phyllis' ""Vote"" button differed from that of all the other contestants and that as quickly as her vote-per-minute average rose it dropped later that day (from 1,923 votes a minute to 3). Contacted by EW, a spokesperson for OWN issued the following statement: ""The online voting rules for the 'Your OWN Show' video submission competition were carefully crafted to be fair to everyone. Any allegations of impropriety will be investigated and the appropriate actions taken to keep the process unbiased."" (As of 5:15 p.m. ET Wednesday, Anner was back in the lead, by a margin of more than 400,000 votes; Dr. Phyllis could not be reached for comment.) While some conspiracy theorists have gone as far as to suggest that Winfrey could be rigging the competition against Anner, he has not jumped to that conclusion: ""I sincerely doubt that Oprah would do anything like that,"" he says in a statement to EW. ""She's probably too busy building schools and helping children to even notice someone like me. I'm grateful for everyone's continued support and to Oprah for giving me this opportunity. Thanks again, happy travels, and keep being sexy!"" See full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly .  2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved."
"(CNN) -- University of Miami football coach Al Golden says his team is moving forward, despite allegations by an imprisoned former booster who claims to have spent millions on improper gifts, entertainment and travel for Hurricanes athletes. ""I think, if anything, it's going to bring us closer together,"" he said of the current team, which he said has nothing to do with the allegations. Golden, who was hired in December, said that despite the scrutiny of the program, his team had its best practice yet Wednesday. The Hurricanes open their season at Maryland on September 5. Inside the football program, ""we are moving forward,"" he said. The allegations were leveled by Nevin Shapiro, a onetime Miami businessman now serving a 20-year federal prison term for fraud. Shapiro told Yahoo! Sports that he showered dozens of Miami players with cash and jewelry, paid restaurant and nightclub tabs and supplied prostitutes over an eight-year period -- and that several coaches were aware of the activity. Shapiro was arrested in 2010 on charges of overseeing a Ponzi scheme that prosecutors determined had totaled $930 million. He pleaded guilty to securities fraud and money laundering in September, and his accusations against Miami were part of his agreement to cooperate with prosecutors, his lawyer told CNN's ""Newsroom"" Wednesday. Golden said that he is cooperating with the NCAA investigation and that part of that entails getting the ""young people"" to cooperate, too. ""We want to get to the truth,"" he said. The coach declined to elaborate further, citing the ongoing investigations. Once the NCAA concludes its investigation, Golden said, the school and his program will ""act accordingly."" Miami Athletic Director Shawn Eichorst said in a statement Thursday that ""these are not times for pity and reflection."" ""There are tough times ahead, challenges to overcome and serious decisions to be made, but we will be left standing and we will be stronger as a result,"" he said. ""I understand there are unanswered questions, concerns and frustration by many but this athletic department will be defined now and in the future, by our core values, our integrity and our commitment to excellence, and by nothing else."" Charles Robinson, who interviewed Shapiro for Yahoo! Sports, called Shapiro ""a mixed bag as a human being,"" but documents and former players have backed up some of his allegations. The NCAA, which regulates college sports, said it has been investigating Shapiro's claims for five months. NCAA President Mark Emmert said in a written statement that if true, the allegations show the need for ""serious and fundamental change"" in college sports, especially regarding the conduct of boosters and agents."
"Sanaa, Yemen (CNN)  -- Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab disappeared in Yemen for more than two months before he allegedly tried to bring down a Northwest Airlines jet with explosives concealed in his underwear. Investigators want to know if, during that time, he heeded the call to prayer coming from the hills above Yemen's capital, where an Islamic university headed by a fiery cleric has helped the country earn its reputation as an incubator of extremism. The students who pray at Al-Iman University now, two weeks after that failed Christmas Day attack, say the school has been made a scapegoat, and that what AbdulMutallab is accused of having done is wrong. ""It's against Islam,"" one says. ""The thoughts in their heads go against Islam,"" says another. AbdulMutallab's alleged attempt to ignite explosives as the jet approached Detroit, Michigan, resulted in a fire on his lap -- and serious burns -- before passengers and flight crew subdued him and put out the flames. Al-Imam's leader is Sheikh Abdel Majid al-Zindani, a provocative cleric with a flaming red beard. The United States considers him a terrorist, accused in 2004 of supplying weapons to al Qaeda. But in Yemen, al-Zindani is a free and influential man. Al-Zindani denied CNN's request for an interview but allowed the network to tape at the school he's built from the ground up since the early 1990s. Every year, thousands of Islamic students from Yemen, Africa and around the world are cocooned in al-Zindani's compound, where they study their faith and are instilled with a strident defense of that faith. Last year, al-Zindani made a public plea to recruit millions of young men to fight jihad against Israel. But the students say they don't think AbdulMutallab was ever at the school, and investigators don't appear to have come to ask. Yemeni authorities, it seems, have taken a hands-off approach to the university. ""To my knowledge, no security, no investigation teams came here,"" political science professor Ismail al-Suhaili said. ""Nobody thought that AbdulMutallab was here."" In Yemen, Al-Iman University is highly respected and its leader admired, making it difficult for investigators to find out for sure if the Christmas Day bombing suspect was ever there."
(CNN) -- Germany recorded their first win over Brazil in 18 years in stunning fashion by defeating the five-time world champions 3-2 in Stuttgart. Following a goalless first half, the match burst into life during the second period when Germany took the lead through a 61st minute Bastian Schweinsteiger  penalty, dubiously awarded after Brazilian defender Lucio clipped midfielder Toni Kroos in the box.   Germany soon added a second through 19-year-old prodigy Mario Goetze. The Borussia Dortmund midfielder added to his growing reputation -- German legend Franz Beckenbauer recently described him as the new Lionel Messi -- by scoring an individual effort seven minutes later. Robinho pulled one back from the penalty spot before Schweinsteiger set up Schuerrle for Germany's third. Real Madrid target Neymar hit a late consolation but Germany's young starlets held out for a famous win. Current world champions Spain suffered a shock loss against Italy in Bari. That the result would be considered a shock is perhaps indicative of both team's international trajectories in recent years. Yet roared on by a large, partisan home crowd Italy took an early lead through a deft Riccardo Montolivo chip. The opening exchanges were marred by the early substitution of Fernando Torres, suffering from suspected concussion. A Xabi Alonso penalty before half time brought the scores level. In the second second half Spain looked the more likely to score before fate intervened when Alberto Aquilani's poor shot was fortuitously deflected in. Elsewhere Chile held France to a 1-1 draw in Montpellier. Marseille striker Loic Remy gave Les Bleus the lead before Nicolas Cordova snatched a late draw. The result extended France's unbeaten run under coach Laurent Blanc to ten matches. In Switzerland Ivory Coast overcame a late Israeli fight back to win 4-3, Chelsea's Didier Drogba scoring the fourth goal.   In the night's only competitive fixture Northern Ireland beat the Faroe Islands 4-0 to boost their hopes of qualifying for Euro 2012. Fulham defender Aaron Hughes scored his first international goal before Steve Davis added a second and Paddy McCourt netted twice, lifting Northern Ireland to third in Group C a point behind Slovenia with a game in hand.
"LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The sponsor of a proposal to rein in aggressive celebrity photographers is meeting resistance from Los Angeles' top cop, who says the law is not needed when celebrities just behave. Photographers swarm a car carrying Britney Spears after a Los Angeles court appearance in October 2007. City Councilman Dennis Zine wants to require photographers to stay a safe distance from celebrities. His proposed ordinance is nicknamed the ""Britney Law"" for the hordes of paparazzi that swarm around pop star Britney Spears, sometimes costing the city thousands of dollars for escorts and other enforcement. ""They act like a pack of wolves stalking their prey, creating havoc in the streets, and are nuisances to innocent bystanders,"" Zine said at a task force hearing he convened Thursday.  Watch how paparazzi spy on Hollywood stars  . The proposal gained exposure last month when officials from around Southern California asked former independent counsel Kenneth Starr -- whose investigation of former President Clinton spawned its own share of tabloid headlines -- to help craft a law that would protect celebrities without infringing on freedom of the press.  iReport.com: Share your celeb stories and photos . Critics of the plan include Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton, who argues that it would be difficult to enforce. He also says existing laws can keep unruly packs of photographers in check. The chief said the city's tabloid darlings could help by providing photographers less to work with. ""If celebrities behave themselves, that solves about 90 percent of the problem,"" Bratton said. ""Britney, the last couple of days, has started wearing clothes again. The paparazzi are leaving town because she's not as interesting when she's not running around without her underwear on."" He said actress Lindsay Lohan ""evidently found a new love life, so she's probably in New York hanging out"" and that ""God knows"" where billionaire heiress Paris Hilton had been. ""She's thankfully disappeared from the scene,"" Bratton said. At the hearing, members of the paparazzi also said the law would be impossible to enforce. ""Unless every celebrity has a chaperone of a police officer with a 6-foot tape measure, how are you going to enforce it?"" said photographer Nick Stern. Those attending included musician John Mayer, actor Eric Roberts, sheriff's officials, representatives of the Screen Actors Guild and officials from West Hollywood, Beverly Hills and Malibu. CNN's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report."
"Washington (CNN) -- The State Department says it has helped relocate a number of people in other countries who, it says, could be in danger because their names have appeared in diplomatic cables revealed by Wikileaks. ""We are focused on people who have been identified in documents,"" spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday, ""and assess whether there's a greater risk to them of violence, imprisonment, or other, you know, serious harm, particularly in repressive societies around the world."" ""In a small number of cases, we have assisted people in moving from where they are to -- to safer locations,"" he said. He declined to say precisely how many people have been re-located but described it as ""a handful."" The State Department refused a request from WikiLeaks to help redact sensitive information before the documents were released in November, saying the documents were illegally obtained and should not be published. WikiLeaks began releasing what it says are 250,000 cables in small batches to four media outlets that, in turn, did some redaction on their own before publishing their stories. WikiLeaks published the redacted documents only when the outlets -- The New York Times, Germany's Der Spiegel, Spain's El Pais and Britain's The Guardian -- published their stories. Crowley said the Department has identified ""several hundred"" people around the world who could be affected and it continues to pour through documents to assess their situation. Potential targets include, Crowley ""civil society, journalists, government officials."" ""In a few instances, we have provided assistance to individuals at risk, and we will continue to reach out to them, to monitor their situation."" In particular cases, Crowley said, the United States has ""made it clear to governments that any adverse actions against individuals identified by WikiLeaks will affect, you know, future relations with those governments."" Crowley denied that informing governments could reveal the identities of potential victims. ""We make clear to governments, without discussing particular identities that, you know, if -- if they do for some reason move on individuals that may be exposed in cables, that that will be something that affects our relations."" ""In certain cases, the people who might be identified are already well known to us and well known to specific governments."" The information is being compiled by a State Department team created in November. It is analyzing Wikileaks documents, Crowley said, and it is ""intensively focused on this on an ongoing basis."" The team includes 30 to 60 staff at any given time. Much of the team's activity, he said, ""is focused here at the State Department. In some cases, the activity is focused at embassies and consulates around the world."""
"(CNN) -- Tokyo was known as Edo until 1868, but it's hard to imagine that this high-rise, high-tech metropolis could possibly have existed in a time before electricity and concrete. Tokyo isn't just a futuristic city; it's the place that has shaped our vision of what the future will look like. In Tokyo, the future is a long-standing tradition. There's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya, Shinjuku and Akihabara; the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs, subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of ""Blade Runner"" or ""The Fifth Element."" But the space-age topography of Tokyo has been shaped by a history of catastrophe. In the 20th century alone Tokyo suffered earthquakes, fires and devastating bombing. The result is a city that has repeatedly been forced to rebuild, shedding its past with each successive redevelopment. In Tokyo, the future is a long-standing tradition. After centuries of expansion, Tokyo has grown vertically to accommodate its 12 million residents. Perhaps the inevitability of another catastrophic earthquake accounts for the lack of emotional attachment to the city's architecture; buildings are continuously being pulled down and replaced, creating the sensation that Tokyo's skyline is a permanent work in progress. While it can seem that the city is intent on stream rolling over its past, you can still see traces of old Edo. The Meiji Jingu Shrine tells of the city's Shinto heritage and there's something timeless about the charming chaos of Tsukiji Fish Market. Even the enduring formalities of Tokyo's social etiquette and the joy with which Tokyoites greet the coming of the cherry blossom are signs that the city maintains a lingering affection for its traditions. At first glance, Tokyoites may seem sober and industrious, efficiently going about the business of making their city a world capital of techno commerce, but shops filled with manga comics and anime DVDs hint at a desire to escape the obligations of real life. That appetite for escapism is most colorfully expressed in the phenomenon of ""cosplay"", which sees teenagers dress as characters from cartoons and comic strips, or in the outlandish uniforms of various distinctive subcultures. In the 80s, Japan's bubble economy created unsustainable growth in Tokyo and property prices in the capital went through the roof. When the bubble burst in the early 90s, Tokyo was hit particularly hard but, after years of recession, Tokyo has the buzz of a city regaining its confidence. For this endlessly fascinating city, it's back to business -- and back to the future."
"ARBIL, Iraq (CNN) -- Two United Arab Emirates based companies announced on Tuesday that they will be investing in the Iraq's autonomous region of Kurdistan. Nechirvan Barzani, Prime Minister of the Kurdish Regional Government, called the project ""a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy."" Four hundred and sixty one million square feet have been officially assigned to ""Gas Cities LLC,"" a joint venture between Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum, both Sharjah-based companies, to establish a new venture: ""Kurdistan Gas City."" Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial, residential and commercial buildings in an integrated city. The expected initial investment in basic infrastructure is estimated at $3 billion, with further foreign direct investment exceeding $40 billion during the operations phase. Work will start on the project, which is designed to promote private sector investment in a variety of gas-related industries, on September 21. Gas City is structured to hold over 20 varieties of world scale petrochemical and heavy manufacturing plants, and hundreds of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), served by state-of-the-art facilities. Mr Nechirvan Barzani, Prime Minister of the Kurdistan Regional Government, said: ""Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum have made a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy through their work in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq thus far, we are making significant progress in spurring on economic growth and creating opportunity for our people."" Hamid Jafar, Executive Chairman of Dana Gas, explained the importance of this achievement saying: ""The Kurdistan Gas City is an enormous step forward in Dana Gas' strategy across the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia."" The Kurdistan Gas City is projected to generate job opportunities for nearly 200,000 Iraqi citizens in infrastructure, industrial projects, support services and other business activities. This is not the first project for Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum in Iraq's Kurdistan Region, the two companies are committed to a service agreement signed in April 2007 with the Kurdistan Regional Government to build 180 kilometers of natural gas pipeline and two liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) plants, which are 80 percent complete. The project is on track and will start pumping 150 million cubic feet of gas per day in the coming weeks, rising to 300 million cubic feet by early 2009. Other companies from the UAE showed similar interest in Kurdistan Region ""Damac Properties"" one of the major private developers in the regions revealed on June 3 plans for a $16 billion residential, commercial and recreational project."
"HARARE, Zimbabwe (CNN)  -- Zimbabwe slashed 12 zeros from its currency as hyperinflation continued to erode its value, the country's central bank announced Monday. Patrick Chinamasa, Zimbabwe's acting finance minister, arrives last week at Parliament to present the '09 budget. ""Even in the face of current economic and political challenges confronting the economy, the Zimbabwe dollar ought to and must remain the nation's currency, so as to safeguard our national identity and sovereignty. ... Our national currency is a fundamental economic pillar of our sovereignty,"" said Gideon Gono, governor of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe. ""Accordingly, therefore, this monetary policy statement unveils yet another necessary program of revaluing our local currency, through the removal of 12 zeros with immediate effect."" The move means that 1 trillion in Zimbabwe dollars now will be equivalent to one Zimbabwe dollar. The old notes -- with the highest being 100 trillion dollars -- not enough to buy a loaf of bread -- will remain valid until June 30, after which they will cease to be legal tender. One U.S. dollar is trading above 300 trillion Zimbabwe dollars. This third attempt to lop off zeros comes barely six months after the Zimbabwe government last adjusted its currency as it continues to lose value. World-record inflation estimated to be in the billions of percent -- but officially at 231 million percent as of July last year -- has quickly eroded the currency's value again and again. The highest note on the new set is 500 Zimbabwe dollars. Many Zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting the local currency, preferring foreign currency due to the hyperinflationary environment. Last week, the country's acting finance minister, Patrick Chinamasa, allowed the use of foreign currency by everyone else. Despite the use of foreign currency, the Zimbabwe dollars are in acute shortage, resulting in many people sleeping outside their banks hoping to get money the following day. Regarding the cash shortages, Gono blamed Germany for dropping a contract that helped the country print money. ""The country has suffered bouts of cash shortages, which have disadvantaged both the corporate and household sectors,"" he said. ""As a country, we have come to terms with this stubborn reality that we were put under economic sanctions by Germany, which unilaterally cut a 50-year-old contract to supply us with currency printing paper, machinery, spare parts and inks without notice in July last year."""
"(CNN) -- Two teenage girls from Great Britain will fly home Thursday after spending a year behind bars in Ghana for drug-smuggling, the British High Commission in the west African country said. The girls were stopped by customs officials at Accra trying to smuggle drugs back to Britain. Ghanaian police arrested the teenagers, identified as Yasemin Vatansever and Yatunde Diya, in July 2007 as they prepared to board a British Airways flight to London. When officials searched their laptop bags as part of departure formalities, they found about 13 lbs (6 kg) of cocaine. The girls, now 17, were 16 at the time of their arrest. They faced a maximum sentence of three years. UK media have named the girls as Yatunde Diya and Yasemin Vatansever of north London. In January, a juvenile court in Ghana sentenced the pair to nine months in jail for trying to smuggle cocaine out of the country. At the time, a British Foreign Office spokesman said the teens would not have to serve the full sentence because they had already spent more than six months in custody. But soon afterward, Ghanaian authorities changed their minds. The girls were housed in a correctional home for girls in the country's capital, Accra. Fair Trials International, a UK-based group that provided legal assistance to the pair, called the girls ""pawns in a larger operation."" Authorities in Ghana had said a man paid the girls 6,000 (about $11,700) to fly to Ghana to retrieve the laptop bags containing the drugs from two of his associates, according to the country's national news agency. Those men have not been caught. ""The girls have served their full sentences, but the men who groomed them and lured them to Ghana remain free to target other vulnerable young women,"" said Catherine Wolthuizen, Fair Trials' chief executive, in a statement this week. Ghana and other West African countries have become a transit point for drugs headed to Europe. The girls were arrested in a joint Britain-Ghana drug detection operation, the UK's customs agency said Wednesday. CNN's Laura Maestro contributed to this report ."
"(CNN) -- The son of an infamous CIA double agent who is himself accused of spying was released from jail Friday in Portland, Oregon, pending trial after a federal judge ruled he did not pose a flight risk. Nathaniel Nicholson, son of an infamous CIA double agent, faces his own spying charges. Judge Anna J. Brown ordered that Nathaniel Nicholson, 24, can be freed provided he stay with family, not leave Oregon without permission from authorities and wear a GPS monitoring device. Brown also ordered that he not have any contact with his father, the admitted spy Harold James ""Jim"" Nicholson. The elder Nicholson pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for Russia and is the highest ranking CIA officer ever to be sentenced for espionage. While serving a 23-year prison sentence, prosecutors allege, Jim Nicholson, 58, restarted his career as a double agent and enlisted his son Nathaniel in his efforts to collect money owed to him by the Russian spy services and to sell more secrets. Both father and son were charged in January with acting as agents of a foreign government, money laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering. They have pleaded not guilty. Court appointed lawyers representing the men did not return CNN's calls for comment . According to the indictment, Nathaniel Nicholson made trips to California, Mexico, Peru and Cyprus, where he met with Russian government representatives who gave him payments totaling over $35,000 in cash. At his father's request, Nathaniel Nicholson allegedly shared the money with his sister and grandparents. Nathaniel Nicholson had complained to his father that he and his sister were short of money to pay for college, prosecutors said. Jim Nicholson told his son that his alleged spying activities ""were 'risky' but not 'illegal,'"" the indictment said. According to court testimony, Nathaniel Nicholson, who is a former U.S. Army paratrooper, initially told authorities that he had traveled overseas to visit ""a battle buddy."" The FBI agents informed Nicholson that lying to them was a federal crime and offered him a ""mulligan,"" or a chance to change his story, according to the agent's testimony. At that point, FBI special agent John Cooney testified, Nicholson became more ""forthcoming"" about his meetings with Russians. If convicted, Jim and Nathaniel Nicholson could face up to 20 years in jail."
"(CNN) -- A company due to take over the management of one of the venues used in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa has pulled out of the deal after miscalculating the running costs. The Sail Stadefrance Operating Company (SSOC) -- a partnership between South African events company Sail and French consortium Stadefrance -- were due to take up a 30-year lease on Cape Town's Green Point Stadium on November 1 this year. But Cape Town's residents could now end up paying for the $600 million stadium -- as the management of the venue transfers to the city in January 2011. SSOC chairman Morne du Plessis said that the company had incorrectly anticipated the amount it would take to run and maintain the stadium, estimated at around $6 million per year. ""In the light of unresolved matters that affected the viability of the lease we have advised the city that SSOC would not be in a position to enter the lease,"" du Plessis told the official website of the city of Cape Town. ""Shareholders were not prepared to enter the lease under circumstances that projected substantial losses."" The SSOC had been managing the stadium on behalf of the city since January 2009, apart from during the World Cup when the tournaments' organizing committee were in charge. Eight World Cup matches were held at the 68,000-seat Green Point, one of five new stadiums built for the World Cup this summer. Tournament CEO Danny Jordaan promised South Africans that the new facilities would not become ""white elephants"" and would leave a legacy for generations to come. ""To ensure a lasting legacy and the commercial viability of the stadiums, they will be used for both rugby and soccer,"" Jordaan said before the World Cup. ""This country has also used sports stadiums for major political rallies, concerts and church events. They can, therefore, also be used for outside of sport,"" he added. And despite the setbacks with the future of the Cape Town stadium as well as the burden it may place on the city's taxpayers, acting executive mayor of the city Alderman Ian Neilson has assured residents that future events will take place there as planned. This includes national football team Bafana Bafana's upcoming match against the U.S. on November 17. ""While the current management deal has now fallen through, we also see new opportunities and will now engage directly with the relevant sporting codes in the City on how we jointly take forward the future of the Cape Town Stadium,"" Neilson told the city's official website."
"(CNN) -- Russia will begin the construction of a new naval base this year in Georgia's pro-Russian separatist region of Abkhazia, according to a Russian media report Monday. Russia's Black Sea fleet is based in Sevastopol under a lease agreement with Ukraine that expires in 2017. Russia's Itar-Tass news agency quoted an unnamed official at Russian naval headquarters as saying it wanted to station vessels at the Abkhaz port of Ochamchire on the Black Sea, Reuters.com reported. ""The fundamental decision on creating a Black Sea Fleet base in Ochamchire has been taken,"" the official told Tass, in quotes carried by Reuters.com. ""This year we will begin practical work, including dredging, along Abkhazia's coast. ""It will take more than a year to implement all works."" The official added that the deployment was to protect the breakaway region from Georgian attacks. Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia, a Russian-backed separatist territory, on August 7 last year. The following day, Russian tanks, troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and Abkhazia, advancing into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions. The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict and have made accusations of ethnic cleansing. Moscow has since recognized Abkhazia and South Ossetia as independent regions -- a move which angered many Western governments who suspect Russia of acting to thwart Georgia's ambitions of joining NATO. This latest development comes despite comments made last year by Abkhazia's leader that his territory would not be hosting Russian military bases. ""There will be no new bases,"" Sergei Bagapsh told Russia's Novosti news agency, adding that Russia's Black Sea Fleet will not be based in the republic either. ""Only units of Russia's ground forces that have always been based here will continue to be stationed in Abkhazia,"" he said. Russia's Black Sea Fleet is currently based in the port of Sevastopol which belongs to Ukraine -- another former Soviet state which, like Georgia, aspires to NATO membership. The fleet is due to leave Ukraine for good in 2017, in line with a 20-year lease deal signed in 1997. However, Russia's diplomats and military have said they want the fleet to stay at its traditional home base after the expiry of the deadline, Reuters.com reported."
"New York (CNN) -- An EMT worker who was involved in a controversial incident in which a pregnant woman died last year was shot and killed Sunday, New York police said. Authorities said they had no immediate link between the EMT's shooting and the widely publicized case last year but that would be an aspect of their investigation. ""That part of the case will be investigated by NYPD. We will be in touch  with Manhattan detectives who will be investigating the murder (of the EMT),"" Brooklyn District Attorney spokesman Jerry Schmetterer. The case involving the EMT -- Jason Green -- and a pregnant woman occurred in Brooklyn last December 9. The woman, Eutisha Rennix, was working as a waitress at a cafe when she collapsed. Rennix's coworkers said Green and a fellow EMT were in the cafe when Rennix collapsed but  the two EMTs reportedly told the co-workers to call 911 and left the cafe without aiding the stricken woman. Rennix later died at a hospital. A spokesman for the EMT and paramedics union said after the incident that Green and his colleague were medical dispatchers and that they did not work with patients. The spokesman added that Green's colleague made a 911 emergency call herself in an effort to get help for the stricken woman. Following the incident, the fire department suspended the two EMTs  without pay for but were reinstated shortly thereafter, EMT spokesman  Robert Ungar said Sunday. ""He (Green) was an EMT with the  emergency medical services bureau of the fire department for seven  years. He was working as a dispatcher and was back on duty at the time  of his death (Sunday). At the time of the previous investigation, the law only  provides for suspension of workers up to 30 days."" Ungar said. Green, 31, was shot outside a downtown Manhattan nightclub at about 5 a.m. Sunday. Police said that Green was shot once in the face and was pronounced dead at a hospital. No arrests had been made as of Sunday afternoon, and NYPD homicide Detective Richard Tireli said that ""the investigation is ongoing."" Meanwhile Brooklyn authorities said Sunday their investigation into Rennix's death was continuing. ""Our involvement is with the incident at the cafe and it's currently still open. The investigation was if there was any criminality involved and if they have violated any criminal laws ... The case is nearing completion and every angle will be investigated."" Schmetterer of the Brooklyn district attorney's office said."
"Hong Kong (CNN) -- Thousands of people filled Hong Kong's Victoria Park on Saturday to mark the 22nd anniversary of the bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Tiananmen Square. The candlelight vigil comes after recent efforts by the Chinese government to quash would-be demonstrators from holding anti-government protests. About 26 people were arrested between February and March, according to a Hong Kong-based human rights group, when an anonymous group began an internet campaign calling for anti-government protests in China similar to ones that have taken hold in the Middle East. In response to the campaign, authorities deployed heavy security along major thoroughfares, especially in Wangfujing, a busy shopping street in downtown Beijing that had been designated by the online group for protests. The government also tightened rules on foreign reporters, explicitly warning them that they risk detention, suspension of press cards and expulsion if they show up at planned demonstrations. 20 years on: Tiananmen remembered . Saturday's protest is an annual event organized by the Hong Kong Alliance, a pro-democracy group. Hong Kong police called it a ""peaceful gathering."" Images of the demonstration showed a sea of flickering candles covering the length of the park. A little more than 22 years ago, students gathered in Tiananmen Square to memorialize the recently deceased Hu Yaobang. He was fired as Communist Party chief in 1987 by Deng Xiaoping for pushing policies deemed too soft toward ""bourgeois-liberal ideas"" and tolerating student protests. The April 15 memorial quickly turned into a pro-democracy movement, and students held talks with the government and later a hunger strike in Tiananmen Square to press their cause. On June 4, 1989, Chinese troops in armored personnel carriers and tanks rumbled toward Tiananmen Square. The soldiers, on strict orders to clear the square of demonstrators, had forced their way through the city's main thoroughfare. Along the way, they met fierce resistance from students and city residents who barricaded the streets, so they fired at them. When the firing stopped, hundreds if not thousands of people lay maimed or dead. Relatives of victims renew their hopes every year that Beijing's leaders will reverse the verdict that the protests were a counter-revolutionary rebellion that had to be put down. CNN's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report."
"Tehran, Iran (CNN) -- Gas and oil prices rose in Iran Monday after the country dramatically cut subsidies for its citizens to bolster the nation's sagging economy. The initiative went into effect Sunday, with the country saying it will gradually remove all subsidies within five years. The price of subsidized gasoline rose four-folds -- from 1,000 rials (9 cents) per liter to 4,000 rials, the Mehr news agency said. Officials say energy subsidies have cost the Iranian government around $100 billion dollars a year, state run Press TV said Monday. While some have said the plan will stoke inflation, others say it is in line with recommendations from international financial organizations to solve Iran's economic woes, Press TV said. Five years ago, Ahmadinejad's government announced its plan to cut government subsidies and help adjust prices in Iran's economy. That includes a policy to phase out subsidies on staples such as fuel and food, likely causing consumers' costs of such items to rise. Iran has $10 trillion in oil resources alone, plus natural gas reserves worth between $3.5 and $4.5 trillion, International Monetary Fund mission chief Dominique Guillaume said in an interview posted earlier this fall on that world body's website. But its economy nonetheless has seen lackluster growth, including between 1% and 2% of GDP this past year. Despite its abundance of fuel, Iran has been pushing to expand its nuclear program. Many in the international community, including U.S. officials, have expressed grave concerns and successfully pushed for sanctions fearing that Tehran might be trying to develop nuclear weapons. But Iranian leaders have said the nation wants nuclear power, in part to free up more oil to export and pump more money into the economy. With subsidies that effectively allowed domestic consumers to pay relatively little for oil and gas -- far below what they or people anywhere else would pay on the world market -- Iran was forfeiting potentially huge revenues, explained IMF Senior Economist Roman Zytek on his group's website. The IRNA news agency reported Saturday that Iranians' use of commodities like fuel ""has not followed a reasonable pattern"" -- with Zytek saying that many Iranian citizens have been buying excess amounts of oil and gas. Iran's subsidy reforms, he said, aim to decrease domestic demand for fuel, make the country more fuel-efficient, and allow Iran to profit more from its natural resources."
(CNN) -- Egypt began the defense of their Africa Cup of Nations crown with an emphatic 3-1 victory against title rivals Nigeria in Angola on Tuesday. The Pharaohs, who have won the tournament a record six times, had to come from behind after conceding a 12th-minute goal in the Group C opener in Benguela. Nigeria, seeking a third title, took the lead when striker Chinedu Obasi, who plays for German club Hoffenheim, cut in from the right and lashed in a fierce left-foot effort that goalkeeper Essam El-Hadary could only tip into the net. Obasi's strike partner Aiyegbeni Yakubu thought he had earned a penalty when his cross hit the arm of Egypt defender Mahmoud Fathalla, but referee Rajindraparsad Seechurn ruled it was not intentional. Egypt leveled in the 34th minute when Emad Moteab ran onto Ahmed Hassan's throughball, rounded Vincent Enyeama as the goalkeeper rushed out of his area, and slotted the ball into the empty net. Captain Hassan put his side ahead nine minutes after halftime, with his shot wrong-footing Enyeama after taking a massive deflection off the backside of Taye Taiwo following a layoff from Mohamed Zidan. Nigeria coach Shaibu Amodu surprisingly took off Chelsea midfielder Jon Obi Mikel with 10 minutes to play and replaced him with veteran Portsmouth striker Kanu. But the move backfired as Egypt substitute Mohamed Gedo drove in a low right-foot shot on 88 to seal his side's first victory over the Super Eagles in 23 years. In Tuesday's other Group C match, Mozambique came from two goals down to deny Benin a historic first victory at the tournament. The Squirrels did earn their first point, but were expecting much more after scoring twice before halfway through the opening period. Striker Razak Omotoyossi, who plays for French club Metz, netted the opener from the penalty spot in the 14th minute after being brought down by Mozambique goalkeeper Joao Rafael. Dario Khan then put through his own net seven minutes later as he stabbed the ball past Rafael while trying to clear a loose ball, but Almiro Lobo pulled a goal back after half an hour when he headed home as Benin defended woefully at a corner. Substitute Goncalves Fumo leveled the score 10 minutes after halftime as goalkeeper Yoann Djidonou, who had flapped ineffectually to allow Lobo to score, was caught out after coming out of his area to clear the ball. With the multi-ball system in operation, Mozambique took a quick throw-in and Elias Pelembe set up Fumo with Djidonou scrambling in vain back to his goal.
"New York (CNN) -- Authorities on Sunday released the name of a woman who turned up in New York this month saying she had no memory of her name or family. She is Kacie Aleece Peterson, 18, of Hansville, Washington, according to Paul Browne, deputy commissioner of the New York Police Department. Police a day earlier said a CNN viewer in Maryland identified the woman, who was found in Midtown Manhattan on October 9 outside a youth shelter. A photo of Peterson, who had been referred to as Jane Doe, was circulated by police and aired on CNN this week. Authorities didn't release Peterson's name until Sunday. Browne said Peterson's mother is dead and that her father is heading to New York. CNN affiliate KOMO-TV in Seattle, Washington, reported that her father went to New York on Sunday to bring her home. The family said it's not the first time she disappeared and then later was found with apparent memory loss, the station reported. Peterson is from Colville in eastern Washington, KOMO reported. She had been living with a friend in Hansville and attending Kingston High School. The father said the daughter had gone to live temporarily with a friend of her late mother, the station reported. Scott Wilson, spokesman for the Kitsap County Sheriff's Office, said Peterson was reported missing by her father on October 1, KOMO reported. Detectives later discovered bank activity and other evidence that she was alive, he said. The woman was found outside Manhattan's Covenant House youth shelter around 12:30 a.m. October 9. The organization said that she was not a resident at the time and did not appear as if she intended to seek refuge at the facility. A security guard for the shelter noticed the woman walking on the sidewalk near Covenant House and approached her. Finding her unresponsive, he called the New York City Police Department. Police officers interviewed the woman, but it became clear that she couldn't provide authorities with any information about herself. Police said she was wearing military green camouflage pants, a black shirt and a pair of black sneakers when she was discovered. The CNN viewer who identified her was familiar with her situation and knew she had been missing this month, police said. Police said they do not know how she lost her memory. ""I just want to know who I am and what happened to me,"" the young woman said in a statement previously released by the New York City Administration of Children's Services. Evan Buxbaum, Susan Candiotti and Vanessa Juarez contributed to the report."
"HAVANA, Cuba (CNN)  -- The United States and Cuba should show some flexibility and take steps to improve relations, New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said Friday during a weeklong trade mission to the island nation. New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson calls for ""concrete steps"" to improve ties between the United States and Cuba. ""There is a good atmosphere [between the two countries],"" he said at a news conference in Havana on Friday. ""It is the best atmosphere I've seen in many years."" Richardson called for ""concrete steps from both sides,"" but noted a ""lack of flexibility in their positions"" and reciprocity from the Cuban government. He also called on the United States to ""pay more attention to the Cuba issue, though acknowledged more urgent U.S. priorities like health-care reform have drawn attention away from normalizing relations. In his first trip to Cuba in 13 years, when he negotiated the release of three political prisoners in 1996, Richardson said he is not in Cuba as a special U.S. envoy. ""My main objective is trade and to improve commercial ties with Cuba,"" he said, though he acknowledged plans to report recommendations to the Obama administration early next week.  Watch Richardson discuss goals for Cuba trip  . Despite the near half-century trade embargo, the U.S. Treasury Department allows U.S. states to sell agricultural, medical and IT products in Cuba on a cash basis. The governor also called on the Obama administration to ease restrictions of biotechnology products, allow Cubans to travel to the United States for academic and cultural exchanges, and implement the changes to Cuban-American travel and remittances announced in April. He mentioned a proposal to allow diplomats in either country to move more freely and offered to broker a dialogue between the Cuban government and Cuban-Americans. ""If there's going to be a solution for the normalization of relationship between Cuba and the United States, Cuban-Americans must play a role,"" he said, noting that any such dialogue would not substitute government-to-government talks. Richardson -- known for his diplomatic resume, including high-level talks with North Korea, Sudan and Iraq -- met with Cuba's National Assembly president, Ricardo Alarcon, and received a personal letter from former President Fidel Castro. ""It was a positive message that I got,"" he said of the letter. The former presidential candidate was nominated for Commerce Secretary in the Obama administration, but withdrew amid an investigation over whether CDR Financial Products inappropriately won $1.4 million in state work for New Mexico."
"NEW YORK (CNN) -- A Bronx woman has been charged with murder and robbery in the death of an 89-year-old Nazi concentration camp survivor, and police said a man is still being sought in connection with the death. Felix Brinkmann dances at a 2008 birthday party. ""He was not the kind of guy who had enemies,"" his son says. Angela Murray, 30, was arrested Saturday, according to the Manhattan district attorney's office, and is accused of strangling Guido Felix Brinkmann on Thursday in his Upper East Side apartment. Murray was arraigned Sunday and charged with one count of murder in the second degree and three counts of robbery. Brinkmann, a native of Latvia, was a Holocaust survivor who escaped death for a year while he was in the Mauthausen, Ebensee and Auschwitz camps. He had been slated for the gas chambers five times, but each time, he used his fluency in German to talk his way out, said his son, Rick Brinkman, who spells his last name differently. After the war, he was stunned to discover his wife, who had also been shipped to Auschwitz, alive and well in Poland. The Brinkmanns immigrated to America, where Brinkmann spent years in the bar and nightclub business, co-founding the Adam's Apple disco in Manhattan in 1971. In recent years, he had been the real estate manager of a mixed-use building in the Bronx, working ""seven days a week, without fail,"" Rick Brinkman said. On Thursday, the building's superintendent grew concerned when Brinkmann did not show up for work. He notified Brinkmann's son and received permission to enter the father's apartment, where he had lived alone since his wife died last year. Brinkmann was found face-down in his bedroom, his hands bound behind his back and his body showing blunt-force trauma wounds, police said. Brinkmann's blue 2009 Honda Civic had been stolen, along with one of two safes in his apartment, police said. The vehicle was later recovered in the Bronx. Rick Brinkman speculated that the killing was random. ""Anybody who knew him really liked him,"" the son said. ""He was not the kind of guy who had enemies."" CNN's Jason Kessler contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- The presidents of Sudan and Chad signed a non-aggression agreement late Thursday, aiming to halt cross-border hostilities between the two African nations. Chad President Idriss Deby, right, and Sudan's President Omar al-Beshir, left, shake hands after signing the pact. The signing came after nearly two full days of talks in Dakar, Senegal, between Sudan President Omar al-Beshir and Idriss Deby, the president of Chad. Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade facilitated the talks, and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon met with officials from both nations and witnessed the signing of the agreement at about 10 p.m. ""The idea is to get the governments of Sudan and Chad to normalize their relations with each other and to halt any action that would allow for the cross-border movement of rebel factions or armed factions of either side that could hurt the other country,"" said United Nations spokesman Farhan Haq. Each country accuses the other of supporting armed rebel groups that cross the border to attempt to destabilize the government. The rival nations' armies have skirmished several times. The United Nations says refugees and armed groups have been regularly crossing the border between the troubled Darfur region of Sudan and Chad. They allegedly include many of the rebels that attacked N'Djamena, the capital of Chad, in early February. As recently as Thursday, just hours before the agreement was signed, Chad issued a communique saying rebels from Sudan had crossed the border. Chad is still recovering from a failed attempt last month by rebels to overthrow Deby's regime. The United Nations says the swelling number of Darfur refugees and other displaced people living in eastern Chad is causing serious strain on the region. Kingsley Amaning, the U.N.'s humanitarian coordinator for Chad, said more than 10,000 people from Darfur, in Sudan, have fled into 12 official refugee camps in eastern Chad. They join some 240,000 Darfurians who have lived in Chad since 2004 because of fighting in their homeland and an estimated 180,000 displaced Chadians also living there. The number of displaced Chadians is growing because of the recent fighting there, Kingsley said. Haq said the United Nations, which has peacekeeping troops in the Darfur region, will work to assure Sudan and Chad carry out the terms of Thursday's deal. The countries have signed several peace agreements in the past, only to see renewed violence flare up. E-mail to a friend ."
"New York (CNN) -- Miss USA Rima Fakih is a Muslim with Lebanese heritage, but her family is ""not defined by religion,"" Fakih said. ""I'm an American girl,"" Fakih said. ""And just to be clear, my family comes from many different backgrounds and religions."" The newest Miss USA, crowned last weekend, was interviewed Wednesday for HLN's ""The Joy Behar Show."" Fakih downplayed the significance of photographs that emerged online this week showing her dancing against a stripper's pole. ""Everyone took them as if I was stripping, which to be honest with you was just a competition,"" she said. ""It was more of an event held by a radio station."" THIS JUST IN: Is Miss USA a Muslim trailblazer? The Detroit, Michigan, radio station promotion held three years ago was like a class to help women ""learn how to dance and feel sexy,"" she told Behar. The photos show her dancing in short pants. ""To be extra funny, because I'm known to be silly, I put money in my bra,"" she said. The controversy, however, has made her name a top search term on the internet, she said. ""Yeah, I'm the number one person on Yahoo or Google, I heard,"" she said. Cheesecake photos helped last year's Miss USA runner-up, Carrie Prejean, become well known, but she was eventually stripped of her Miss California crown when racier images emerged. Behar asked Fakih if there were any such photos of her that might eventually surface. ""Nothing at all,"" she said. ""I've always been known to be very respectful to my family and my reputation."" The stripper pole photos did not upset her family, she said. ""They're very proud of me,"" she said. ""They take it as if I'm not up there for beauty, or to pose in a bathing suit, but for something more significant -- for being beautiful on the inside, for being wise."" Fakih was born in Lebanon, but her family moved to New York when she was young. She moved to Michigan in 2003, where she attended the University of Michigan. ""My family comes from a Muslim background, and we're not defined by religion,"" she said. ""I would like to say we're a spiritual liberal family."" Fakih will represent the United States in the Miss Universe pageant to take place in Las Vegas, Nevada, in August."
"MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN)  -- A suspect in police custody calls himself a ""stewmaker"" for a Mexican drug lord, saying he disposed of about 300 bodies by dissolving them in acid. Santiago Meza Lopez has asked for forgiveness from the families of those he says he targeted. Santiago Meza Lopez was arrested Thursday in Ensenada, Baja California, but it took police 24 hours to identify him. He says he works for drug lord Teodoro Garcia Simental, also known as ""el Teo,"" a powerful drug trafficker. Meza, who is shown handcuffed and flanked by guards in video released by the government, calls himself ""Teo's stewmaker"" and says he was paid $600 a week for his macabre duties. The victims, he said, were men who owed Garcia something or had betrayed him. A native of Guamuchil, Sinaloa, Meza was arrested along with three other people, including a minor female who said she was contracted for a social event. Other people sought by police were in the area at the time but were able to escape, officials said. Now, Meza is asking for forgiveness. ""To the families, please forgive me,"" he said in the video. Mexican police have not specifically said whether they believe that all elements of Meza's story are credible. He has told police where he buried some of the bodies. Now authorities, along with citizens groups and the families of the disappeared, are searching for them. They hope Meza could have information about the location of their friends and relatives. Authorities say Garcia formed part of the Arellano Felix cartel but is currently said by intelligence sources to be operating with the Sinaloa cartel. Officials say seven brothers and four sisters of the Arellano-Felix family inherited the Tijuana, Mexico-based drug cartel from Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo in 1989, after his arrest for drug trafficking. Today, the notorious cartel is split into two factions that have engaged in brutal fighting that has accounted for nearly all the violence in Tijuana, according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. More than 400 people were killed last year in drug-related violence. Eduardo Arellano-Felix, who police said was the last remaining brother to have an active role in the cartel, was arrested in October. CNN's Carolina Sanchez and CNN en Espanol's Krupskaia Alis in Mexico City contributed to this report."
"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The man suspected in the recent rash of telephoned bomb threats to businesses across the United States has been tied to other crimes, including a Miami Beach, Florida, bank robbery and a wire fraud case in New York, law enforcement sources said Wednesday. Wal-Mart employees gather outside a store in Newport, Rhode Island, after a bomb threat. Two federal officials familiar with the investigation said the suspect is 27-year-old Portuguese citizen Allan Sharif. CNN has previously reported the person responsible for the threats was believed to be in Portugal. ""We thought we got him over the weekend, but it turns out we didn't,"" said one federal law enforcement source who asked not to be identified. However, a second official said the reports of Sharif's near-capture were untrue. But both officials agreed Sharif is the man they want. The FBI, which is leading the investigation into the threats, refused to comment on the identity of the suspect. Authorities have tied telephoned threats to at least 24 banks and stores in at least 15 states to Sharif and have confirmed that in some cases businesses paid ransoms in the face of the bomb threats, the sources told CNN. Federal investigators said a bank heist in Miami Beach in March may have marked the beginning of the telephone extortion attempts. In that case, authorities said an alleged accomplice walked into the bank with a suitcase, as a man telephoned from Portugal demanding the tellers give his on-the-scene associate $20,000. The alleged accomplice was arrested and faces federal charges in Florida. The FBI said the recent flurry of threatening calls from Portugal appears to have started in Portland, Oregon, in mid-August. The most recent calls were received Friday by a Wal-Mart store and grocery outlets in Ohio. Sharif is not a stranger to federal law enforcement officials. The Secret Service sought him on wire fraud charges for which he was indicted in New York in 2005, authorities said. The fugitive-hunting U.S. Marshals Service also acknowledged their interest in pursuing Sharif but declined to provide details. Federal authorities said they were getting good international cooperation in the case, and although there have been no bombs discovered and no injuries, each of the threatening calls has disrupted businesses and required intensive investigation by local police and federal agents. E-mail to a friend ."
"Srinigar, Indian-administered Kashmir (CNN) -- Indian authorities flooded the streets of Srinagar with security forces Thursday to quell four days of violence sparked by the death of a schoolboy. Authorities were attempting to disperse anti-India protesters Sunday when a tear gas shell hit the 13-year-old boy, Whamiq Farooq Wani, in the head and killed him as he played cricket in a stadium, protesters say. While a formal curfew has not been declared, security forces have been keeping people off the streets. Police said having security forces deployed has kept down violence over the last four days. A senior police officer said more than 100 people, including members of the Indian security forces, were wounded in the violent clashes between the Muslim protesters and security forces -- who used tear gas and baton charges to disperse the mobs. Two young protesters were hit by tear gas and smoke shells in Wednesday's violence in the old city, and hospital sources said their conditions are serious. Clashes and incidents of stone-throwing by anti-India protesters continued to be reported from various points in Kashmir Thursday. Srinagar, the capital city, remained shut along with other towns in protest of the teenaged boy's death. Shops, businesses and government offices were closed. Indian police and paramilitary troops, as well as the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), erected barricades at road intersections in Srinagar's old city to cut off pedestrian and vehicular traffic, witnesses said. ""The people were not allowed to go out of their homes to buy milk and other essential items this morning. The security forces are enforcing tight restrictions in our area,"" said resident Ayub Zargarc reached by telephone. The security restrictions were not as stringent outside the old city, where some vehicular and pedestrian movement was seen on the streets patrolled by the Indian police. ""Barring a few stone-pelting incidents, the overall situation in Kashmir remained peaceful today,"" Farooq Ahmad, inspector general of police in the Kashmir zone, told CNN. Authorities arrested two senior leaders of the pro-dialogue moderate separatist conglomerate All Parties Hurriyat Conference (APHC) and placed its chairman, Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq, under house arrest today, according to police. Authorities said they were arrested to prevent them from fomenting trouble in the city."
"Washington (CNN) -- President Obama proposed nearly doubling the child care tax credit for middle-class families Monday, the latest administration initiative meant to reassure Americans nervous about the slow pace of the economic recovery. The proposal is one of five new recommendations from the president's Middle Class Task Force, which was established one year ago this week. It comes as an increasingly populist White House struggles to regain the political advantage among swing independent voters who have flocked to the GOP in recent elections in Massachusetts, New Jersey and Virginia. ""The middle class has been under assault for a long time,"" Obama said in remarks delivered near the White House. ""None of these steps alone will solve all the challenges facing the middle class,"" he said. ""But hopefully, [they] will re-establish some of the security that's slipped away in recent years."" Specifically, Obama will push to increase the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit rate from 20 percent to 35 percent for families making under $85,000 a year. Families making from $85,000 to $115,000 also would see an increase in their tax credit, the statement said. At the same time, lower-income families would receive a $1.6 billion increase in child care funding, the largest one-year increase in two decades. In addition, the White House will propose limiting federal student loan payments to 10 percent of a student's income above a basic living allowance. The administration also will push for the creation of a system of automatic workplace individual retirement accounts, requiring all employers to give workers the option of enrolling in a direct-deposit IRA. The ""saver's tax credit"" would be expanded, with a government match of 50 percent of the first $1,000 of contributions for families making $65,000 or less. Fourth, the White House will propose expanding tax credits to match retirement savings, while also enacting new safeguards to protect retirement savings. Fifth, the administration will push to expand federal support for families caring for elderly relatives, ""helping them manage their multiple responsibilities and allowing seniors to live in the community for as long as possible,"" a White House official said. Since its establishment, the Middle Class Task Force has held 11 meetings around the country and at the White House, according to the statement. All five task force recommendations will be included in Obama's proposed fiscal year 2011 budget, which is set to be unveiled February 1. The president is also widely expected to stress middle-class economic themes in Wednesday's State of the Union address. CNN's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Wildlife officials in Colorado say they have killed a bear believed to have been involved in an attack on a teenage boy Friday morning. Park officials used 10 tracking dogs to hunt for the brazen black bear, which wandered into a heavily-populated campsite overnight. They established a scent trail by late afternoon, said spokesman Randy Hampton of Colorado Parks and Wildlife. At the end of the trail, they discovered a 200-pound  bear that matched the description of the one involved in the early morning attack. It was shot and killed. Officials had said earlier they would have to kill the bear, pointing to the bold and aggressive behavior it exhibited when it wandered into the site with so many campers. The incident occurred in an encampment filled with hundreds of people participating in a bow-hunting event, Hampton said. ""We manage wild bears for a healthy and thriving population,"" said Dan Prenzlow, regional manager for wildlife with Colorado Parks and Wildlife. ""But when an individual bear enters a tent and attacks a sleeping person, we manage that animal to protect the public safety."" The bear entered a tent occupied by a teenage boy and at least one other person early Friday. It bit the boy on the leg, but the teen fought it off.  The bear was then chased away by the teen and other campers at the site. Wildlife officials who responded to the scene determined that the black bear had been poking around the campsite before it attacked the teenage boy.  Investigators said they found a ransacked cooler and evidence that food had been eaten before the bear entered the tent. The teenager was taken to a hospital in nearby Leadville, Colorado, Hampton said.  He was treated for deep lacerations on one of his legs and released.  He is expected to recover but will receive followup treatment. Hampton estimated that there are around 12,000 black bears on Colorado's 23 million acres of public land.  There are no known brown bears or grizzlies in the state. Earlier this month, a man was killed in a grizzly bear attack in Wyoming's Yellowstone Park.  But park officials said the man, who was hiking with his wife, surprised the female grizzly while she was with her cubs.  They determined that she was acting defensively and decided not to put the bear down. CNN's Nigel Walwyn contributed to this report."
"(CNN) -- Greek voters will go to the polls to elect a new government two years early, Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis announced Thursday. Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis says he wants to enact reforms in response to the international financial crisis. He called the early elections in response to pressure from the opposition Socialist Party, which threatened to block the election of a president in February if there was no general election first. Karamanlis is also seeking a mandate from the voters for reforms in response to the international financial crisis, he said. ""It's up to the citizens to decide who has the right plan to govern and face the economic challenges,"" he said in a speech to the country. ""We have two very difficult and critical years ahead of us,"" he said in the speech on Wednesday. ""There is only one path that offers hope and potential: We take -- without delay, without procrastination -- take all necessary measures to address these problems. By design and desire. We need to build the solid foundation that will ultimately get us out of this crisis stronger."" He said the country needs ""stringent control on public spending,"" ""war on tax-evasion"" and ""bold structural reforms."" The new elections will be held October 4, Karamanlis announced Thursday after meeting President Karolos Papoulias, who officially dissolves parliament. Karamanlis' term was not due to expire until September 2011. But Socialist party leader George Papandreou insisted on new elections before the end of Papoulias' term as president in February. The Greek constitution requires the two major parties to agree on the election of a president, giving either party an effective veto. Karamanlis called Papandreou's stance ""blackmail."" Parliament will be dissolved on September 7, Karamanlis said on his Web site. Karamanlis' conservative New Democracy party suffered a sharp setback in European elections in June, when the Socialists matched New Democracy's tally of eight seats, with 36 percent of the vote. That election was seen as a litmus test for Karamanlis at a time of political and economic uncertainty with the economy shrinking and the country staring at a recession after nearly 15 years of high-profile growth. CNN's Efty Katsareas and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report."
"Borno, Nigeria (CNN) -- Nigeria will proceed with national gubernatorial elections Tuesday, despite continuing violence that has raised fears that an Islamist group will step up attacks against voters. Bomb blasts Monday in Nigeria's northeastern state of Borno killed three people and wounded dozens, police said. In one of three blasts, a bomb thrown from a motorcycle on which two young men were riding detonated, resulting in the three fatalities, said Michael Zukoma, police commissioner for Borno state. Nigerian police told CNN that Boko Haram, an Islamist sect that has challenged Nigeria's government, is responsible for the attacks, which they described as an attempt to intimidate voters who this month re-elected President Goodluck Jonathan, an Ijaw Christian from the south. The explosions occurred a day after the Nigerian Red Cross reported that rural villages had held mass burials in northern Nigeria. Witnesses say that violence in the wake of Jonathan's election has resulted in hundreds of deaths, though there is no official death toll. The government has provided few details. This month's election of Jonathan, who is from the majority-Christian southern part of the country, sparked violence in the Muslim-dominated north last week. Concerns about ongoing violence led Nigerian election officials last week to delay the planned gubernatorial elections in two of Nigeria's 36 states. Voters in Kaduna and Bauchi states will go to the polls Thursday. Northern Muslims in some areas charged that the presidential election was rigged. Armed protesters in the region took to the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari, the main opposition front-runner. The last election, four years ago, was widely condemned for rampant vote rigging, violence, theft of ballot boxes and intimidation. While this month's presidential election was marred by violence, reports of underage voting and logistical problems, observers said they considered it an improvement. After he was declared the victor, Jonathan warned that persistent post-election violence could threaten the stability of the country. ""These acts of mayhem are sad reminders of the events which plunged our country into 30 months of an unfortunate civil war,"" Jonathan said last week. Jonathan was referring to a period of unrest in the 1960s that spawned a civil war in Nigeria. Nigeria is Africa's largest oil producer and its most populous nation, with 150 million people."
"JERUSALEM (CNN) -- It was supposed to be a pleasant surprise, but turned into the shock of a lifetime. A woman scours a garbage heap in Tel Aviv for her mother's missing mattress. A woman in Tel Aviv, Israel, gave her elderly mother a new mattress as a surprise gift, throwing out the old tattered bed her mother had slept on for decades. The gesture ended up bankrupting Annat's mother, who had stuffed her savings of nearly $1 million inside her old bed for decades, Annat told Israel Army Radio. A massive search is under way at the city dump, where security has been beefed up to keep out treasure-seekers who have heard Annat's story in Israeli media. Annat, who did not want to reveal the rest of her name, told Israel Army Radio that she woke up early Sunday to get a good deal on a new mattress as a surprise for her mother. Sound off: Which bizarre places have you hidden money? She fell asleep that night, exhausted after lugging up the new mattress and hauling down the old one to be taken out with the trash. When her mother realized the next day what her daughter had done, she told her that she had been using the mattress to stash away her life savings and had nearly $1 million padding the inside of the worn-out mattress.  Watch more on the mattress search  . Annat ran downstairs, but it was too late. The garbage truck had already taken away the money-stuffed mattress. Annat alerted the two major dump sites in the Israeli city in an effort to locate the bed, but so far she has had no luck. Yitchak Burba, one of the dump site managers, told Army Radio that he and his men are working relentlessly to try to help Annat find the million-dollar mattress among the tons of garbage at the landfill. The publicity has triggered a wave of people also trying to find the mattress and its contents for themselves. Burba has increased security around the dump to keep them out. Annat told Army Radio that when her mother realized her queen-sized bank had been tossed, she told her to ""'leave it.'"" ""'The heart is crying but you know we could have been in a car accident or had a terminal disease,'"" Annat said her mother told her. Annat is also taking the situation in stride. ""It's a very, very sad story but I've been through worse,"" she told Army Radio. ""It's a matter of proportions in life ... people need to know how to accept the good and the bad in life."""
"(CNN) -- A Dutch-operated container ship outran pirates off the coast of Tanzania this weekend, an official with the International Maritime Bureau said Sunday. French soldiers, who have joined British, Indian, Russian and American patrols off Somalia, during an exercise. The incident took place ""very far out to sea,"" showing that Somali-based pirates are extending their reach further and further, Noel Choong of the IMB's Piracy Reporting Center told CNN. ""Earlier attacks were on ships off the coast of Somalia, then off the coast of Kenya, and now this was 450 nautical miles off Dar es Salaam,"" he said, tracing the southward expansion of the pirates' area of operations. The ship, which Choong declined to name, came under attack from rocket-propelled grenades, starting a fire on board, he said. The crew was able to put out the fire and escape by increasing speed. The ship and crew are now out of danger, he said, following the incident at 11:42 GMT Saturday. Piracy has become increasingly common in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean this year. So far, pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40, according to the center.  Watch how NATO is combating piracy  . Those hijacked vessels include an enormous oil tanker, a chemical tanker, and a ship laden with Soviet-era arms including tanks. The pirates normally hold the ships for ransom. A luxury cruise ship carrying more than 1,000 passengers and crew successfully outran pirates off the coast of Yemen last weekend. The IMB has tracked at least 11 incidents of actual or attempted piracy near the Tanzanian coast this year. A multinational fleet, including vessels from the U.S., NATO member states, Russia and India, has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters near the Gulf of Aden, which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea. Around 20,000 oil tankers, freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year.  Watch anti-piracy vessels patrol the region.  . In a recent interview provided to CNN, a pirate leader claimed attacks on shipping would continue as long as life in Somalia remained desperate. ""The pirates are living between life and death,"" said the pirate leader, identified by only one name, Boyah. ""Who can stop them? Americans and British all put together cannot do anything."""
"Peekskill, New York (CNN) -- Police in Peekskill are investigating whether four men accused of brutally beating an Ecuadorian man can be charged with a hate crime, officials said. Julio Serrano, 39, remains in critical condition after he was attacked Saturday, police said. Detective Sgt. Raymond Henderlong said police are still gathering information on whether hate was a motive in the attack in the small Hudson River town. ""We are going to exhaust every avenue to see if this was racially motivated,"" Henderlong said. ""We are looking into whether they were targeting him because of his background."" Police said Serrano was walking near his home early Saturday when he was attacked. Surveillance video shows him staggering up a flight of stairs after fleeing his attackers, who follow and eventually ambush him as he seeks refuge in a building. Serrano suffered severe head injuries. Ronnie Juett, 23; Jarron Sligh, 23; and Keith Walker, 18, have been charged with gang assault, police said. Jamar Walker, 19, is awaiting arraignment in Peekskill County Court. According to the 2000 census, Peekskill has a population of about 22,000. Nearly 22 percent is of Hispanic or Latino origin. Peekskill Police Chief Eugene Tumolo said it is possible that Serrano was beaten ""because of the fact he is a Latino male, and a lot of these people are immigrants."" ""Even animals shouldn't be beaten like this. Nothing human, nothing alive should be beaten the way this poor man was. It was an incredibly cowardly and vicious attack,"" he said. In April, jurors convicted a Long Island man of manslaughter as a hate crime in the death of an immigrant from Ecuador. Jeffrey Conroy was tried in the death of Marcelo Lucero, 37, who was fatally stabbed in the chest on November 8, 2008, in Patchogue. Conroy was also found guilty of gang assault and conspiracy as well as of assaulting three other Latino men on Long Island. Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center said that increasingly virulent hate speech emerging from anti-immigrant groups has a role in recent attacks on immigrants. ""This is yet another example of America's anti-immigrant propaganda to demonize immigrants,"" Potok said. ""We've seen these cases popping up around the nation because of this type of hate speech. Words have consequences,"" he said."
"(CNN) -- The first ever regular season NBA game was played in Europe this weekend, as the New Jersey Nets took on the Toronto Raptors at London's O2 Arena. The British capital proved to be lucky for the Nets. The east coast team won both legs of the two-game tie -- they claimed the first 116-103 on Friday and the second 137-136 in triple overtime on Saturday. Despite basketball not enjoying the same high-profile in Great Britain as it does across North America, fans packed the 18,600 capacity venue -- which played host to an exhibition between the L.A. Lakers and the Minnesota Timberwolves a year ago -- to watch the two highly competitive games. In order to make sure anyone new to basketball understood what was going on, an announcer explained who the players, teams and coaches were and gave a commentary to explain the scoring to the crowd. But aside from this, the game followed exactly the same format as any other NBA game would, with the points scored counting towards the Nets and the Raptors standings in the league this season. There was also the same high energy half-time and time-out entertainment taking place on the court, with the two teams' mascots present to entertain the crowds. And just like any big sporting event held in the United States, the event was attended by a host of celebrities. Football stars Didier Drogba and David Luiz of Chelsea were spotted courtside, as were Jack Wilshere, Samir Nasri, Gael Clichy and Cesc Fabregas from English Premier League rivals Arsenal. Part of the reason for the games being played in London was to promote basketball in Britain ahead of the 2012 Olympics -- to ensure the sport attracts the same large crowds as it did at the previous Games in Beijing. However, as part of the NBA's aim to expand across the globe, this might not be the last time we see games in the lucrative franchise decided on foreign soil. NBA commissioner David Stern has hinted that more games could be held in London and elsewhere in Europe and Asia -- where demonstrations have also been held previously. He even said that there could be European based teams playing in the NBA in the future. It certainly does not seem like the players would mind traveling to London again. Raptors and Italy star Andrea Bargnani said: ""The crowd was unbelievable. It's great the Olympics are going to be here."" The Nets' Brooke Lopez added: ""It was fantastic for the city of London to experience it and see two really fantastic NBA games. It gave them great exposure to the game of basketball and hopefully they want to see more."""
"YANGON, Myanmar (CNN) -- Courts in Myanmar have sentenced a blogger, a poet and several dissidents to several years in jail for anti-regime activities, a court official told CNN Tuesday. Young people at an Internet cafe in Myanmar. The verdicts were announced Monday and Tuesday, the court official said. Blogger Nay Phone Latt was sentenced to more than 20 years in jail for his illegal Internet activities, the court official said. The blogger was a ""major source of information for the outside world"" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, said The Irrawaddy, an online newspaper published by exiles from Myanmar, which is also known as Burma. The government exercises strict controls over media outlets in the southeast Asian country. Dissidents often turn to the Internet to disseminate information. In the second case, poet Saw Wai received a two-year jail sentence for a poem he wrote for Valentine's Day that contained a veiled jab at the junta's leading figure, Senior Gen. Than Shwe. The first words of each line in the eight-line poem, ""February the Fourteenth"" spelled out the message: ""Senior General Than Shwe is crazy with power."" On Tuesday, the government handed down prison sentences to about a dozen members of a pro-democracy group known as the '88 Generation Students. Irrawaddy said the members were each sentenced to 65 years in jail, but CNN could not independently confirm the figure. Members of the group took part in the anti-government demonstrations that ended with the death of as many as 100 people last year after security forces clashed with thousands of protesters. The dead included 40 Buddhist monks. Witnesses said the violent crackdown in September 2007 came as hundreds of monks defied a military ban on public assembly. Until then, demonstrations led by the monks -- who are highly respected in the predominantly Buddhist country -- had gone largely unchallenged by the military, which has ruled the country since the 1960s. The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government, and quickly escalated. The action was informally dubbed the ""Saffron Revolution"" because of the maroon robes with saffron sashes that the monks wore."
"ACCRA, Ghana (CNN) -- President Bush sought Wednesday to dispel rumors that the U.S. plans to bring ""all kinds of military to Africa,"" saying that is ""simply not true."" President Bush shakes hands with Ghanian President John Kufuor in Accra, Ghana, on Wednesday. He said the United States has no plans to add new bases in Africa but may open an office somewhere on the continent as part of its plans for Africom, a new U.S. military command that will focus on Africa. The president did not elaborate on the size of such an office but took pains to say it would not be a military base in the traditional sense. ""The purpose of this is not to add military bases,"" Bush said. ""I know there's rumors in Ghana -- 'all Bush is coming to do is try to convince you to put a big military base here.' That's baloney. Or as we say in Texas, that's bull.""  Watch what gifts Bush brought to Ghana  . The president of Ghana, John Kufuor, said he welcomed Bush's comments. ""I am happy for the president's dispelling any notion that the United States of America is intending to build military bases on the continent of Africa,"" he said. The U.S. military divides the world into regions and has a ""command"" for each region. The U.S. Central Command, for example, focuses on U.S. military concerns and activities in much of the Middle East and South Asia, while the U.S. Southern Command focuses on Latin America. The new command established last year, Africom, will be based in Stuttgart, Germany ""for the foreseeable future,"" the U.S. military says. ""Now, that doesn't mean we won't develop some kind of office somewhere in Africa. We haven't made our minds up,"" Bush said Wednesday. ""I want to dispel the notion that all of a sudden America is, you know, bringing all kinds of military to Africa. It's just simply not true."" About 1,800 U.S. troops are stationed in Djibouti, a country in the Horn of Africa, as part of the U.S. fight against Islamic extremists. Bush said Africom will ""provide military assistance to African nations so African nations are more capable of dealing with Africa's conflicts, like peacekeeping training."" ""The whole purpose of Africom is to help leaders deal with Africa's problems,"" he said in a joint news conference with Kufuor. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Ed Henry and Tim McCaughan contributed to this report."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Hundreds of Pakistani residents have taken up arms and are battling local Taliban militants in the wake of a deadly mosque attack last week. A Pakistani police stands guard at a checkpoint in Peshawar, Pakistan on June 8. It is the first major battle between the residents of northwest Pakistan and Taliban militants near the Afghanistan border. The residents are outraged over a suicide attack on a local mosque during Friday prayers that killed at least 40 people and wounded some 80 others. Starting on Saturday morning, some 400 villagers in the Upper Dir district formed a ""lashkar"" -- or militia -- to fight the Taliban, killing 14 of the militants as of Sunday evening, according to local administrator Atiq Ur Rehman. Four of the villagers have been injured in the battle, Rehman said. The militia have burned a number of houses thought to be sheltering the militants, according to Upper Dir police chief Ijaz Kahn. Both the residents and Taliban fighters are using heavy weapons, including rocket launchers and anti-aircraft weapons, Rehman said. There is a long history of Taliban presence in the area, including foreign fighters in leadership roles, local officials said. Authorities said Taliban fighters were driven out of Shot Ghas and Ghazigay -- two villages where the Taliban have support. The villagers took up arms against the Taliban after Friday's suicide attack at a mosque in Hayagay Sharqi -- a village in Upper Dir located about 35 km (22 miles) from the Afghan border and known for being against the Taliban. Upper Dir is a part of the Swat Valley, where the Pakistani military has waged a month-long operation against Taliban militants, but the district has not been part of the ongoing military offensive. The United Nations has said an estimated 2 million Pakistanis have been displaced by fighting between the Pakistani military and Taliban militants. The militants threatened to continue attacking cities in Pakistan until the military ends its operations against Taliban militants. As a result, Pakistani authorities have increased security in Islamabad, Pakistan's capital city. CNN's Ingrid Formanek and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report ."
"New York (CNN) -- A New York man suspected in the death of an elderly woman who was set on fire in the elevator of her Brooklyn apartment building over the weekend was arraigned Monday on charges of murder and arson. Jerome Isaac, 47, is being held without bail, according to the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, and is scheduled to appear in court again on Friday. He wore a white jumpsuit and did not speak during the arraignment. The left side of his face appeared to be badly burned. Isaac's attorney requested his client receive medical attention and be placed in protective custody because of the ""publicity and the nature of the offense."" Isaac is accused of attacking 73-year-old Deloris Gillespie. He told police Gillespie owed him $2,000 for work he claims he did for her, said NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne. He turned himself in to police overnight Saturday or early Sunday morning. Neighbors said the woman was returning home to her fifth-floor apartment in Prospect Heights after a grocery store trip Saturday. A preliminary investigation showed Isaac standing outside the elevator on the fifth floor and attacked the woman as she was attempting to exit, authorities said. The incident was caught on surveillance cameras inside and outside the elevator, and police have the videotapes, Browne said. Authorities believe Isaac initially sprayed the woman with a flammable liquid, presumably gasoline, and continued to spray her as he followed her back into the elevator, Browne said. The woman was first sprayed in the face, he said. Then, using ""one of those long lighters that you would use for a grill, he lit a Molotov cocktail and used the burning leg on top of that to ignite her body,"" Browne said. The suspect stepped out of the elevator, threw the Molotov cocktail inside, then returned again to spray more liquid on the woman as she burned, he said. ""This is as bad as it gets,"" Browne told CNN's Don Lemon. Authorities responding to a 911 call of a fire found the woman's body inside the elevator. She was pronounced dead at the scene, according to police. Isaac lived about 10 minutes away from Gillespie's apartment building, Brown said. After the incident, he apparently returned home and ignited the door to his own apartment, he said. He was concerned he had burned himself in the second incident, although no one else was injured, Browne said. He then hid out on a rooftop for a while and fell asleep, later going into a police station ""reeking of gasoline"" and telling officers he was responsible for a fire. During questioning, Browne said, he implicated himself in Gillespie's death. CNN's Jason Kessler contributed to this report."
"LONDON, England (CNN) -- The conviction of a terrorist doctor in the UK exposes how any section of society can become radicalized, a top police officer said Tuesday. Bilal Abdulla is shown being arrested after the attack at Glasgow Airport. Bilal Abdulla was well-educated and working as a doctor when he carried out his plot to plant car bombs in London -- rather than unemployed or with feelings of being outside or abandoned by society as has been seen before in the UK. Born in southern England, his family moved to Iraq when he was a child. He grew up in the capital during Saddam Hussein's rule and went to the University of Baghdad before returning to Britain to attend Cambridge University. The Cambridge-educated graduate became a doctor working in the National Health Service where the maxim is to treat anyone regardless of the ability to pay. Deputy Assistant Commissioner John McDowall, who heads the Counter Terrorism Command, said Abdulla and Kafeel Ahmed -- who died from burn injuries after he crashed a jeep into Glasgow International Airport, Scotland -- reveal a new type of terrorist. He told the UK's Press Association: ""These individuals were not on our radar and that in itself is very interesting. When you look at the profile of these individuals they are very different from the terrorists we have dealt with in this country before - being professional people. McDowell added they were probably inspired by al Qaeda in Iraq but developed their plan in Britain without help from abroad. ""I think this was a group that was largely self-motivated, came up with the ideas themselves, tutored themselves through the Internet. I don't think they received significant training elsewhere, which is unusual from what we have had in the past,"" he told PA. Abdulla's motive, prosecutors said, was revenge for the bloodshed in Iraq. Prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw said: 'There is no longer a conventional approach to terrorism. There are no rules to be broken any more, nothing can be taken for granted."" Abdulla was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy to murder and conspiring to cause explosions. He will be sentenced to Woolwich Crown Court, London, on Wednesday. The jury rejected his defense that he had planned only to set fire to cars in central London as a way of highlighting the plight of Iraqis."
"BERLIN, Germany (CNN) -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel defeated her foreign minister Sunday to win another four-year term, according to exit polls reported by German television network NTV. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her husband, Joachim Sauer, vote Sunday in Berlin. NTV reported Merkel's center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party received 33.7 percent of the vote, based on exit poll projections. The polls show Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier's center-left Social Democrats received 23.4 percent, the network reported. ""Not only are you happy, I am very happy as well,"" Merkel told cheering supporters at her headquarters. ""We've accomplished something great. We've done it. We've reached our election goal, to retain a stable majority in Germany and a new government with a new coalition."" The crowd chanted, ""Angie, Angie, Angie."" Steinmeier, meanwhile, conceded what he called ""a bitter defeat"" for the Social Democrats. ""The voters have decided, and the result is a bad day,"" Steinmeier said in a speech to supporters. He thanked those who helped lead his campaign and those who supported him. The two parties currently are in a coalition, with Steinmeier as foreign minister. Few doubted that Merkel's party would receive the most votes. The question was what kind of coalition will be formed -- another broad centrist one, across the political divide, or a more right-leaning one. Merkel favors cutting taxes to spur growth, while Steinmeier opposes tax breaks. The country is deep in debt.  What's at stake in the German election  . Voters chose members of the lower house of parliament, or Bundestag, who will pick the head of government. Each German had two votes -- one for a member of parliament representing a district and another for a political party. The election Sunday followed release of a threatening videos from al Qaeda and the Taliban warning Germans not to vote for leaders who want to keep the country's troops in Afghanistan. Security was tightened at airports and train stations, and authorities on Saturday banned all flights over the Oktoberfest beer festival until it ends on October 4. The annual event attracts about 6 million people. About 62 million people were eligible to vote, out of Germany's population of 82 million. CNN's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report."
"London, England (CNN) -- British troops dressed in red jackets and black bearskin hats put on a military spectacle in London on Saturday to mark Queen Elizabeth's official birthday. They marched to music as other troops sat on horses for the annual ceremony, known as Trooping the Color. It took place on the Horse Guards Parade, the marching ground within sight of the queen's residence at Buckingham Palace. Queen Elizabeth, wearing a lilac outfit and hat decorated with bow of pink and green, sat front and center to watch what many consider the most celebrated event on the British royal calendar. The queen, who turned 84 this year, was born on April 21 but celebrates her birthday on a Saturday in June when the weather is better. Trooping the Color dates at least to the early 18th century, when the colors -- or flags -- of the battalion were ""trooped"" down the ranks so they could be seen and recognized by all the soldiers, according to Buckingham Palace and the British Army. Since 1748, the ceremony has also marked the sovereign's official birthday, the palace said. Queen Elizabeth has attended it every year except for 1955, when a national rail strike canceled the event, the palace said. A limited number of tickets are available to the public to watch the event at the Horse Guards Parade. It is also shown live on TV, and others can watch the troops go by on The Mall, which leads from the palace to the parade. The ceremony is carried out by fully operational troops from the Household Division of the British Army. Only one color can be trooped at a time, and the five Household Regiments -- Grenadier, Coldstream, Scots, Irish, and Welsh Guards -- take their turn each year. This year it was the turn of the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, who recently returned from Afghanistan. At the end of the ceremony, the queen climbed into an open-top horse-drawn carriage for the ride back to Buckingham Palace. The crowds along The Mall, lined with Union Jacks, cheered as she went past. The queen then stood on the palace balcony to watch a military fly-past that ended with aircraft trailing red, white, and blue, the colors of the British flag. She waved to the crowds and was joined by other members of the royal family, including her husband, Prince Philip; her son, Prince Charles; and her grandson, Prince William. CNN's Melissa Gray contributed to this report."
"New York (CNN) -- New York City already had the highest cigarette taxes in the nation, and a new state law that went in to effect Thursday pushed the price of smoking even higher. The state legislature on Monday approved a bill adding an additional state tax of $1.60 to every pack. The bill, which was signed into law by Gov. David Paterson, raised the state tax to a total of $4.35 per pack. New York City smokers pay an additional municipal tax of $1.50 per  pack,  so the new tax increase  means that smokers in the city will pay $5.85  per pack  in taxes. That drives the average local retail price up  to nearly $11 per  pack, according to some estimates. And it makes for  the highest state-local tax whammy on tobacco in the country,  according to the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. Chicago is  the runner-up at $3.66 per pack in taxes, according to the organization. ""I am about to quit because it's getting ridiculous -- who can afford this?"" Coney Island resident Louis Torres, 24, said in response to Thursday's new per-pack price tag. And that's just the kind of response anti-tobacco groups are hoping for. But for some New Yorkers, the elevated prices are not as important. When asked whether he would continue to buy cigarettes Jason Mallor, 40, said, ""Probably. We're all puppets here."" He said he has been smoking for 20 years. Carrie Thompson, 28, reacted to the new price tag by saying, ""I should quit now ... I get that cigarettes are bad. I don't understand why they are so expensive here, we're in the most expensive city."" The tax hike is aimed at generating an additional $440 million in 2010-2011 tax revenue to support health care programs. David Sutton, a spokesman for Altria Group, parent company for tobacco company Philip Morris, said he was ""extremely disappointed"" with the increase that makes New York's cigarette tax ""far and away the highest in the nation."" ""This huge tax increase will make the present contraband cigarette crisis in New York State much worse,"" he said in a recent e-mail to CNNMoney.com. ""And it will likely not raise the revenue projected, as it will provide even greater incentives for consumers to purchase contraband cigarettes to avoid paying these extremely high taxes and will cause further loss of business to New York retailers selling state-taxed cigarettes."" -- CNN's Monika Plocienniczak contributed to this report."
"(CNN)  -- The upsets continued to the last at Indian Wells as veteran Croatian Ivan Ljubicic beat home hope Andy Roddick 7-6 (7/3), 7-6 (7/5) to win the first Masters 1000 tournament of his career. Big-serving Ljubicic celebrated his 31st birthday on Friday and becomes the oldest first-time winner of a Masters event. He had been beaten in three finals, in Paris and Madrid in 2005 and at Miami in 2006 -- the same year he reached his best-ever ranking of number three in the world. But over the last few years, Ljubicic has slipped down the rankings and the victory is his first since Lyon last October and was the 10th ATP title of his career. It was thoroughly deserved as he beat world number two Novak Djokovic and defending champion Rafael Nadal before seeing off eighth seed Roddick in two tiebreak sets. ""Looking at my career in general, I did feel like I was missing it,"" Ljubicic told the official ATP Tour Web site. ""It's really a fantastic feeling to finally have it. It gives something special to your career."" He certainly showed he has plenty of quality tennis left in him this week, with victories over world number two Novak Djokovic and number three Rafael Nadal en route to his clash with eighth-ranked Roddick. For once, it was Roddick who was outserved as Ljubicic fired 20 aces and was particularly dominant in the tiebreakers. After claiming the first set, where both men had to come back from 0-40 down on the service in a one game, Ljubicic was rock solid in the second. Ljubicic carved out a 5-1 lead in the tiebreaker and made it 6-2 to set up four match points. He wasted one with a double fault and Roddick, urged on by a home crowd, saved two more. But Ljubicic produced one more service winner for the best win of his career.. ""He served great,"" said Roddick. ""He had complete control over all four spots,"" Roddick added. ""He hit 'em. The men's ATP tour now moves to Miami for another big Masters 1000 event where Britain's Andy Murray will look to defend his title."
"Mexico City, Mexico (CNN) -- A radio station in Mexico has aired parts of a telephone conversation it alleges took place between a top drug lord and a federal congressman. In the recording, voices the station identify as those of lawmaker Cesar Godoy and Servando Gomez -- also known as ""La Tuta,"" leader of the La Familia cartel -- express support for one another and discuss a wide range of topics including upcoming elections and a local reporter stirring up stories. The tape has renewed concerns about corruption in a country struggling to subdue its powerful drug cartels. More than 28,000 people have died in drug violence in Mexico since 2006, according to authorities. W Radio says the conversation took place more than a year ago and was collected as part of an investigation into Godoy's suspected cartel ties. The station did not disclose its source for the tape. An official at the Mexican Attorney General's Office confirmed the recordings represent the real voices of Godoy and Gomez, but declined further comment. ""First of all, I want you to win. You have total support. You will win,"" the voice identified as Gomez' says in a conversation broadcast by W Radio. The two male voices are heard talking about possible informants and a journalist who is said to be causing the congressman trouble. Toward the end of the recording, the voice identified as Godoy's warns his friend: ""Much care must be taken. This thing is heating up."" Godoy, who represents the state of Michoacan, already faces federal charges for allegedly helping the cartel, which is active in his area. He currently has immunity from arrest because of his status as a lawmaker, but he could lose that. On Thursday, Godoy responded to the recordings, calling them part of a broad smear campaign. Godoy, who was elected last year, failed to appear Friday at a congressional committee hearing meant to address his alleged cartel ties. He sent word his mother was ill and is now expected to appear Monday. Thursday, he spoke briefly to reporters. He never specifically denied the voice in the recording was his. Godoy accused the government of leaking the tapes to discredit him. As it cannot prove its case against him in court, the government will try to win it politically, Godoy said. ""It all has to do with a political persecution against me,"" he said."
